What brings you to our space?
Summer Camp!
Spend the summer dancing with us
Youth Dance Classes
Fall registration now open!
School Pickups
Now offering pickup from PS 31, PS 34, PS 110, and Brooklyn Arbor
Adult Dance Classes
For all levels!
DAY CAMPS!
The next day camp is Monday January 19th!
Faculty and FAQ!
Meet your teachers and get your questions answered here!
School calendar!
You can always find scheduling updates on our instagram @thedancespaceny
Register for individual classes
Register for pick-up
Boutique dance studio
Located in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Available for rental by request.
Sun drenched studio, with beautiful padded wood floors, full length mirrors, and lighting equipment- perfect for your next video submission, virtual class, or rehearsal.
Allow your child to explore their musicality and artistry through the technical foundation of dance
Classical dance meets creative expression
Our classes will teach your child the foundations of dance technique, and give them a new medium for self expression. We use the traditional ballet jazz and tap steps and terminology to unlock the magic and beauty of classical stories and tales. Students will learn about classic works including Swan Lake, Firebird, Giselle, 42nd Street, A Chorus Line, and The Music Man, as well as modern day pieces like Rubies and Serenade, Hamilton and Wicked.
Dance allows students to gain greater control of both their body and mind, by connecting the two through discipline and movement. Students who study dance go on to have a greater appreciation for all arts in general, a larger respect for their bodies, and a new lense of beauty through which to view their surrounding world.
Frequently asked questions
You’ve got questions. We’ve got answers.
What if my child has no dance experience? Which class should I sign them up for?
Will there be an end of year recital?
What is your refund policy?
What is the dress code?
Do you offer makeup classes?
How does pricing work?
What sets your studio apart?
Birthday parties!
Want to celebrate your birthday in our studio? We now offer group classes and events
Click here for info!
Interested in renting The Dance Space?
email: thedancespaceny@gmail.com
The Dance Space NY home
Adult Classes
Pick-up program
Day Camps!
Drop off classes
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Powered by
