title.rendered: Greenpoint This Week: StoopFest, Tenants Rally to Rehire Beloved Doormen, and More
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/11/greenpoint-this-week-stoopfest-tenants-rally-to-rehire-beloved-doormen-and-more/
date: 2026-09-11T17:15:12
content.rendered: Good evening, Greenpointers. In memory of 9/11, we’re sharing a series of images from local photographer Jennifer Formica, whose work documents a changing neighborhood in the 25 years since that tragic day. Tenants at a Williamsburg apartment building say their beloved doormen were unjustly fired and want answers from their management company. Chinese restaurant Antidote has temporarily closed after a fire. Sweet Chick and Partners are closing their flagship Williamsburg locations. Santa Chiara Caffe has now opened in Greenpoint, offering pizza, pastries, and their signature gelato. There’s a new bar where Ponyboy was most recently. Swap your stuff, clean up the park, and more events this coming week. The inaugural StoopFest will bring neighbors together for a day of music, activities, and community building. Have a talent or your time to share? Applications for participants are still live. Plans to add a restaurant and marina to Transmitter Park seem to be universally panned by the neighborhood. Got more to say about it? Make your voice heard at an upcoming Community Board meeting on September 15. A local 18-year-old was fatally shot on Havemeyer Street, the night before senior year of high school started. In and around North Brooklyn Which wave of Williamsburg gentrification is this now? You don’t need data to confirm that the G train kind of sucks sometimes, but it’s nice to have the proof. The DOT has signed off on a plan to reduce cut-through traffic near PS 110.

title.rendered: Voice Your Thoughts About Transmitter Park Plan at Upcoming Community Board Meeting
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/11/voice-your-thoughts-about-transmitter-park-plan-at-upcoming-community-board-meeting/
date: 2026-09-11T14:27:20
content.rendered: After we shared a proposal to bring a restaurant and marina to Transmitter Park , you all wasted no time in telling us that you were, uh, not a fan, to say the least. Of course, Greenpointers are not a monolith. Supporters of the plan could be out there, just keeping very quiet. Like, Trappist monk quiet. An upcoming Brooklyn Community Board 1 meeting on September 15 will address these concerns (as well as other park developments). The board’s Parks and Waterfront Committee will meet at the Bushwick Inlet Park office (86 Kent Ave.) at 6 pm. The plot surrounding the project has developed since we last wrote about it. A recent Curbed piece revealed more about proposed concessionaire David Schmitt’s somewhat scattered history as a marina operator. The article also takes a closer look at the particular difficulties and regulations surrounding NYC Parks concessions projects. The decaying state of Transmitter Park’s current building requires an enormous amount of capital to renovate. NYC Parks told Curbed that Schmitt and Josh Cohen’s proposal was the only one that met their standards over three separate attempts to find a vendor. If it seems like the project just appeared out of nowhere, there might be a reason for that. It’s worth noting that the rules are extremely explicit about who is notified about concessions projects and when— the local community board and office of the Borough President. The process to select a vendor for city parks is guided by the Franchise and Concessions Review Committee (FCRC), an intra-agency group of representatives across several offices, operating under the Mayor’s Office of Contract Services. FCRC needs to contact the board and Borough President’s office at least a minimum of 40 days before the release of solicitation for a significant concession. The board and the Borough President don’t have the same automatic obligation to alert the community (as they are constantly inundated with these kinds of notices, such a practice could be unworkable). However, the rules also explicitly state that the board or Borough President’s office can request a consultation “on developing the scope of any solicitations for significant concessions relevant to each that are included in the Plan.” What did each office know and when? That’s a great line of questioning for the meeting’s attendees. Based on Parks documentation and conversations with sources close to the issue, we know they were both notified as far back as May 2025. We reached out to the office of Brooklyn Borough President Antonio Reynoso to get some additional info. “We can confirm that we have reviewed all testimony and will continue to review the proposal. We have no comment prior to the final vote on the Franchise and Concessions Review Committee,” a spokesperson told us. CB1 did not respond to our request by press time.

title.rendered: 18-Year-Old Fatally Shot in Williamsburg Right Before Start of Senior Year
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/11/18-year-old-fatally-shot-in-williamsburg-right-before-start-of-senior-year/
date: 2026-09-11T11:42:38
content.rendered: An 18-year-old set to start his senior year was killed the night of September 9. Local teen Jayden Velasquez, known by friends and family as “Gekko,” was fatally shot by an unknown suspect outside of 160 Havemeyer Street, around 10 pm on Wednesday. The shooting unfolded on a busy street, forcing witnesses to take cover. Velasquez was shot in the head and torso. Paramedics took him to NYC Health + Hospitals/Bellevue, where he was later pronounced deceased. Velasquez was supposed to start his senior year of high school at El Puente Academy (250 Hooper St.). Loved ones remembered him as “an amazing kid.” “He’s always going to be with us. We’re going to keep his legacy going,” a friend told ABC7. No arrests have been made, and the investigation remains ongoing. The suspect, described as tall and skinny, fled the scene , heading toward Broadway and Marcy avenues.

title.rendered: View from an East Williamsburg Window, 1999-present
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/11/view-from-an-east-williamsburg-window-1999-present/
date: 2026-09-11T09:00:00
content.rendered: To commemorate the 25th anniversary of 9/11, Greenpointers is sharing a series of photos submitted by local resident Jennifer Formica, whose firsthand view documents a changing neighborhood: The morning of September 11, 2001. “I’m a photographer and college educator who has been photographing the view from my East Williamsburg studio window since I moved there in the summer of 1999. I moved into my rent-stabilized apartment when I was waiting tables in Manhattan, long before I began teaching college. The location was a quick shot on the L train and a place where many creative people were moving at the time. I made the back room of the apartment into my studio, which by chance had a clear view of Lower Manhattan. I’ve remained in the same apartment ever since, which is what made it possible for this unintentional project to continue for more than 25 years. For the first couple of years, the Twin Towers dominated the skyline, and I was mesmerized by them. I began photographing them casually, for personal memories rather than as art. On the morning of September 11, 2001, I photographed the skyline with my 35mm camera before the towers collapsed, returning to the window at dusk and the next morning. I had the film developed, but put the negatives away and didn’t really look at them again until the 10th anniversary of 9/11. As the construction of the new World Trade Center began to appear on the horizon, I became interested in the skyline again and started photographing more frequently. Over the years, I moved from film to digital photography, and the view became a record of new construction, gentrification, storms, the changing skyline, COVID-19, wildfire smoke from Canada and California, as well as the everyday beauty of sunsets and sunrises. There are now more than 500 photographs in the series. What began as personal memories became an ongoing visual record of more than 25 years of time and change. With the 25th anniversary of 9/11 approaching, the photographs capture more than a changing view. They capture memories, moments, and the sense of time constantly moving forward.” Summer 1999 Winter 2000 The morning after 9/11 September 15, 2012 October 31, 2012, after Hurricane Sandy May 20, 2018 June 29, 2019 June 7, 2023 during the Canadian wildfires. November 16, 2023 August 3, 2026

title.rendered: Partners Coffee Closing Original Flagship in Williamsburg
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/10/partners-coffee-closing-original-flagship-in-williamsburg/
date: 2026-09-10T13:07:35
content.rendered: Partners Coffee is closing its original flagship cafe and roastery at 125 North 6th Street after nearly fifteen years. The final day of service will be Sunday, September 27. Partners is a small, independently-owned company that is headquartered in Brooklyn. In addition to the closing flagship, the brand operates three locations across the city. The company’s story started in Williamsburg in 2012 with two friends “who wanted to create a place to celebrate coffee,” according to the local chain. The company originally operated under the name Toby’s Estate Brooklyn and changed its name in 2019. After nearly fifteen years, Partners still roasts coffee daily by hand in Brooklyn and is committed to sustainable sourcing. The interior of Partners Coffee’s original flagship in Williamsburg. Photo: Partners “Our lease is up and despite our best efforts to preserve our beloved founding cafe, we have had to face the heartbreaking reality that it is no longer possible to stay,” Partners wrote on Instagram . The Instagram announcement noted that as the neighborhood changes, it’s been more difficult for small businesses and local coffee shops to stay in business. The post continued by saying that Partners’ “Williamsburg roots will remain core” to who the company is as a brand. “Although this marks the end of a very meaningful chapter for Partners Coffee, we’re incredibly grateful to remain a part of Williamsburg with our cafe at 145 Bedford Avenue.” Breakfast at Partners Coffee’s original flagship in Williamsburg. Photo: Partners Luckily for locals, Partners will still be pouring coffee in Williamsburg at their newest cafe on Bedford Avenue , located just a few blocks from the original flagship. “This space is designed for slowing down, lingering, and experiencing coffee more intentionally,” Partners said. The new cafe was “built as a return to what started it all: hospitality, connection, and truly great coffee.” Partners Coffee’s original flagship in Williamsburg. Photo: Partners On Instagram, Partners also said that they would share memories of the North 6th Street cafe over the next couple of weeks. Locals can share stories in the comments or send photos to Partners’ account. Partners’ Bedford location is open daily from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m.

title.rendered: Greenpoint StoopFest Brings Neighbors Together for a Day of Food, Music, and Community Building
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/10/greenpoint-stoopfest-brings-neighbors-together-for-a-day-of-food-music-and-community-building/
date: 2026-09-10T11:30:00
content.rendered: Stoop culture is one of the hallmarks of New York City living. A new Greenpoint festival gives it the spotlight it deserves. StoopFest is the brainchild of Greenpoint native Melina Iacovou, alongside friends and co-organizers Chris Bullard and Jordanna Ibghy. They hope the “intentionally connective” event can go further in bringing neighbors together—and actually getting them to talk to one another. “Every activity is designed with that in mind, and every activation is offered by someone local to Greenpoint or Williamsburg or with a strong presence here,” Iacovou tells Greenpointers . The October 4 event unfolds on stoops across Lorimer Street, between Norman and Nassau avenues and on the Bedford Slip, culminating in a closing party at the McCarren Parkhouse. Attendees can expect numerous activities all day, including (but not limited to): “[a] local rom-com director running a Crush Confession Booth. A local artist doing live etch-a-sketch portraits. Live music. A stranger sketching station.” And one activity has special significance for Iacovou. Her family owned Socrates Restaurant on Manhattan Avenue from 1965 to 2001. She was able to bring it out of retirement for one day only, joining other stalwarts like Peter Pan and Paulie Gee’s in offering food. “I wanted to honor the neighborhood’s heritage – the communities, institutions and businesses that make Greenpoint what it is. As someone whose family has been part of this neighborhood for over 60 years, across three generations, that felt like the whole point,” she said. “Greenpoint has always been a place where people put down real roots. StoopFest is a day to find those stories and the people who carry them.” The application for submissions is live until September 14, so if you have a craft, talent, or even just your time to donate, you can reach out here .

title.rendered: New Cocktail Bar Limousine Opens in Former Home of Ponyboy
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/10/new-cocktail-bar-limousine-opens-in-former-home-of-ponyboy/
date: 2026-09-10T09:00:00
content.rendered: A new bar called Limousine (632 Manhattan Ave.) opened on August 28 in the former home of Ponyboy , a restaurant and nightclub that quietly closed one year ago. Limousine is a collaboration between Zander Brezinsky, the owner of Five Leaves (18 Bedford Ave.), and Michael Petersen, the owner of Goldie’s (195 Nassau Ave.). The team told Greenpointers that the project has taken shape over the past nine months, with the dedication of the Allsorts Inc., a Brooklyn-based fabrication team. Limousine is primarily a cocktail bar, but it also serves a few small bites. The food menu starts with oysters served with an apple and celery mignonette, broiled oysters with sausage and parmesan, and fried oysters served with halloumi-stuffed olives. The offerings continue with deviled eggs, smashed potatoes, crispy shrimp cocktail with mango habanero cocktail sauce, mortadella skewers, beef tartare with potato chips, and sausage served with pickles and mustard gravy. The food menu concludes with the heartiest option, steak Diane, served with coriander crumble and mushroom pan sauce. The one dessert option is banana bread s’mores, served with marshmallow, Nutella, and salt. A martini at Limousine in Greenpoint. Photo: Limousine Limousine’s cocktail menu offers traditional drinks, like a cosmopolitan, an espresso martini, and a lychee martini, alongside several twists on classics and martini variations. Cocktail menu highlights include the Cuban Club with Limousine’s own rum blend and Spanish vermouth, the Tequila Sunroof with mezcal and an Aperol elixir, the New York Sour with bourbon and Lambrusco, and the Collins Elite with gin, prosecco, and creme de violette. Three spirit-free cocktails are also listed. There’s a michelada with non-alcoholic Athletic beer, a Hugo Spritz, and a Ginger Rogers. The interior of cocktail bar Limousine in Greenpoint. Photo: Limousine Limousine will also be offering private rentals of the bar’s karaoke room starting this weekend. Limousine is open daily from 3 p.m. to 2 a.m. The kitchen serves food until midnight.

title.rendered: Sweet Chick Has Closed Its Williamsburg Location
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/09/sweet-chick-has-closed-its-williamsburg-location/
date: 2026-09-09T13:01:16
content.rendered: Sweet Chick appears to have quietly closed the doors on its flagship location, after 13 years on Bedford Avenue. New York native John Seymour launched the spot in 2013. The microchain specialized in chicken and waffles, along with other Southern-style specialties. Seymour cited inspiration from the Harlem jazz clubs where the dish has its roots. He eventually earned the backing of iconic rapper Nas. The restaurant’s quick success allowed it to expand to the Lower East Side, Long Island City, and Prospect Heights, and Union Square, as well as Los Angeles. As far as we can tell, Sweet Chick has not made any formal announcement about the closure, but recently privatized its Instagram account ( @sweetchicklife ), which does not bode well for the other locations The concurrent news that Partners Coffee (fka Toby’s Estate) will close its North 6th Street location feels like a sign of the times (Partners has cited rent affordability as the issue for its closure). Both opened during an earlier phase of gentrification, at the zenith of Williamsburg’s cultural cache, expanding beyond their local origins. As of press time, Sweet Chick has not responded to our request for comment.

title.rendered: Swap clothes and books, clean up parks, and more — What’s Happening, Greenpoint? (9/10-16)
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/09/swap-clothes-and-books-clean-up-parks-and-more-whats-happening-greenpoint-9-10-16/
date: 2026-09-09T11:41:19
content.rendered: No matter what you get into over the next week, there’s definitely no excuse to be bored! THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10 Read & Play @ Greenpoint Library, 1 p.m.: An inclusive new series for babies and toddlers up to age 5 to hear stories, make friends, and play. Bilingual in English and Polish, with ASL interpretation available with adequate notice. Free, in-person advance registration required. Zumba @ Under The K Bridge Park, 7 p.m.: Break a sweat to the beat at these all-ages, all fitness-levels classes lead by a certified Zumba instructor. No rhythm required! Free, RSVP here . FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11 REVENANT: An Off-NYFW Runway Event @ The Twisted Spine, 8 p.m.: Pass up the traditional Manhattan NYFW fare for something more alternative, a styling event featuring clothing, jewelry, and accessories from independent brands inspired by horror, music, and more. Tickets include a gift bag and complimentary drink. $17, get tickets here . SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12 Day of Fun @ Goddard School of Greenpoint, 9 a.m.: Your kids can take a live music class and soccer demos, plus catch a school tour for the whole family during an open house. Free, register here . Mat Pilates + Meditation @ Held Space, 11 a.m.: Deepen your mind-body connection with a workshop led by a certified Pilates instructor and licensed somatic therapist focusing on breathing techniques, core engagement, meditation, and more. Beginner friendly. Pay as you wish starting at $25, register here . Fall Clothing Swap @ Maison Jar, 11 a.m.: Free up some space in your closet and get something new (to you). Bring clean, gently loved clothing—all sizes and genders welcome. Free, no RSVP needed. Curious Beginner’s Path to Plant Medicine @ Java St. Garden, 11 a.m.: Explore yourself and your relationship to plants as it relates to plant medicine and its many uses. Free, no RSVP needed. D.A.N.C.E. Cleanup @ Transmitter Park, 12 p.m.: Forget about the marina for a while and enjoy doing some good instead. D.A.N.C.E.—Dedicated Artists Now Cleaning the Environment— invites creatives, artists, designers, photographers, friends, family, and more (truly, everyone is invited and welcome) to help clean one of our local parks. Free, register here . The Great Brooklyn Beer Mile @ McCarren Park Tennis Courts, 12 p.m.: Mixed solo and team races featuring four N/A beers per mile. Starting at $50, register here . Disco Night Vol. 27 @ Polish and Slavic Center, 7 p.m.: The local tradition continues! $25, get tickets here . SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13 Bike Skills 101: Learn to Ride @ McCarren Park, 10 a.m.: If your kid wants to ditch the training wheels (or already has and wants to better their skills), they can learn safely learn the ins and outs of two-wheelers from experienced instructors. Free, register here . Book Swap @ Peek Inn, 12 p.m.: You already got rid of clothes, now get rid of some books! Bring a book and grab some new-to-you titles and even get a hot dog and martini while you peruse. Free, no RSVP needed. Sunday Scoops @ McCarren Parkhouse, 1 p.m.: Savory flavors and ice cream are having a moment. Olive oil brand Graza is partnering with baker Ogechi Egonu on olive oil-y scoops with orange and pink pepper. Free while supplies last. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14 Nice Moms Coffee Club @ Balkan Grind, 9 a.m.: Meeting other moms shouldn’t be hard. Start your week off with caffeine and the sweet feeling of friendship during a monthly hangout. Free, RSVP here . Chair Yoga for Adults @ Greenpoint Library, 1:30 p.m.: Yoga should be for all! Adults of all ages and abilities can build strength and mobility through an accessible chair-focused sequence and guided breathwork. Free, no RSVP needed. Trivia Club @ McCarren Parkhouse, 7 p.m.: Test your knowledge of random hobbies on a randomly-selected team. Free, RSVP here . TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15 México Independence Day @ La Contenta, 3 p.m.: Celebrate Mexican independence with a traditional menu, specialty cocktails, and live music by Los Martinez. Reserve on OpenTable here . Planting Day @ Newtown Creek Nature Walk, 5 p.m.: Did you know the Newtown Creek Nature Walk houses numerous native Greenpoint plants? And it could have even more? Help tidy it up, remove aggressive plant material, and plant 400 native perennials in support of a biodiverse habitat. Free, register here . The Writing Group @ Lovebirds, 5 p.m.: Write, drink, and socialize for an hour followed by readings with analysis and constructive feedback. Free, RSVP here . Animation Nights @ The Gutter, 8 p.m.: A curation of the best animated short films from all around the world. Pay what you wish, get tickets here . WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16 After-School Improv @ Greenpoint Comedy Club, 2:15 p.m.: If your kid considers themself a comedian (as many do), give them a creative outlet. Unthinkable Comedy is hosting kid-friendly improv classes centered around play, creativity, teamwork, scene work, and imagination. Grades 2nd to 5th. Starting at $660 for the entire 12-week series, register here . México Independence Day @ La Contenta, 3 p.m.: Day 2 of celebrations. Reserve on OpenTable here .

title.rendered: Santa Chiara Caffè Now Open in Greenpoint
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/09/santa-chiara-caffe-now-open-in-greenpoint/
date: 2026-09-09T09:00:00
content.rendered: Just over a year ago, Greenpointers reported that Santa Chiara Caffè (227 West St.) would open the brand’s first Brooklyn location in Greenpoint, joining a storefront in Long Island City and a roaming gelato cart. At the end of last month, Santa Chiara’s new Greenpoint outpost soft opened as an Italian caffé, bakery, and gelateria. The team is still making ‘finishing touches” and awaiting full liquor license approval. A homemade pizza from Santa Chiara. Photo: Santa Chiara Santa Chiara’s Cristiano Rossi told Greenpointers that the new Greenpoint location gave the team “the opportunity to expand Santa Chiara from a gelateria and caffè into a true all-day Italian destination.” “The personality of the space changes naturally throughout the day,” Rossi explained, highlighting that Santa Chiara’s new Greenpoint location serves a food menu with breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. Santa Chiara’s new Greenpoint location. Photo: Santa Chiara Daytime offerings include croissants and pastries made in house, eggs and omelettes, avocado and salmon toasts, salads, Italian salumi and cheeses, and specialities like cragels. Santa Chiara’s cragel is a buttery French croissant shaped, filled and stacked like a New York bagel. It comes with combinations like smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes and capers; prosciutto and mozzarella; or mortadella, burrata and pistachio. Another highlight of the menu is Santa Chiara’s pizza Napoletana. And if gelato isn’t your thing, Santa Chiara created a banana pudding, which “has unexpectedly become a phenomenon of its own.” “It started as one of our house-made desserts and has now become a Greenpoint must. People come specifically for it, and we regularly sell out faster than we can make the next batch,” Rossi told Greenpointers. Homemade banana pudding from Santa Chiara. Photo: Santa Chiara Santa Chiara is best known for its artisanal gelato, which is made in small batches in house. There’s a rotating list of gelato flavors, plus Santa Chiara’s alcohol-infused gelati. Gelato is what Santa Chiara became known for in Long Island City and “remains the soul of the brand,” the team said. Santa Chiara’s Greenpoint location is open everyday from 7 a.m. to 10:30 p.m.

title.rendered: Chinese Restaurant Antidote Temporarily Closes After Fire
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/08/chinese-restaurant-antidote-temporarily-closes-after-fire/
date: 2026-09-08T14:35:31
content.rendered: Another fire has damaged a local restaurant and prompted a closure. Williamsburg restaurant Antidote (66 South 2nd St.) announced that it has temporarily closed due to fire damage, just over a week after a fire tore through Sereneco (113 Franklin St.). The Instagram announcement was brief but the restaurant promised to share updates when it could. The FDNY told Greenpointers that they received a call around 7:48 pm on September 7. The fire was reported in the cockloft of the one-story building. 79 fire and EMS personnel responded to the scene; no injuries were reported. They brought the fire under control by 8:51 pm.

title.rendered: Tenants Rally to Reinstate Fired Building Staff at 50 North 5th Street in Williamsburg
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/08/tenants-rally-to-reinstate-fired-building-staff-at-50-north-5th-street-in-williamsburg/
date: 2026-09-08T10:11:33
content.rendered: Tenants at 50 North 5th Street in Williamsburg want their doormen back—and want greater transparency from management. Tenants told Greenpointers that Rose Associates, the building’s management company, fired three of the building’s beloved doormen without notice and against the community’s wishes. These tenants have tried to engage Rose in a longer dialogue about what happened, but say the company has rebuffed their requests for a meeting. For several tenants, some of whom have lived in the building for years, the firing struck them as excessively cruel. Irving, Diamond, and Ganesh had become family; Irving was even recently featured in the popular TikTok series, Doorman Stories . “They had dog treats up there, they would remember details about people and just made the building feel so welcoming and so warm, which I think is hard for a big apartment building to feel that way generally in New York,” one resident, Indigo, told Greenpointers (for privacy reasons, we are identifying residents by first name only). “My kids—it’s New York City, small apartment—they were always in the lobby, and they formed great relationships, as I did, too, with the building staff, including the doormen,” said one former resident, Rachel. “I did their birthday parties at the little room in the building, and the doormen would come by with a little toy car and wish him happy birthday. It was a very loving, great environment for the kids.” Irving, Diamond, and Ganesh were fired on August 10, shocking the residents of 50 North 5th Street. Witnesses say the workers were fired on the spot, told to gather their belongings, and that they would not be welcome back in the building. Later that day, Rose sent the building an email about the situation, stating in part that: “These changes were made following a comprehensive review of operational needs and are intended to provide a stronger resident experience and a higher standard of service moving forward.” Tenants immediately sprang into action, firing up a WhatsApp chat and creating a website and petition asking for Rose to reinstate the staff. 220 residents have signed as of press time. With nearly 250 residents total, the signatures represent a significant chunk of the building. “The three of them have been one of the best parts of living at 50 N 5th. They have consistently gone above and beyond to create a warm and welcoming environment,” the petition reads. “They’re the people who are always there when you need help, whether it’s with a package, a delivery, a lockout, or simply a friendly smile,” one signer wrote. “The former front desk staff were exceptional—professional, attentive, and genuinely invested in the residents and community. Their level of care and service is a major reason many residents are so concerned about these changes,” said another. Tenants papered the building with the petition, which eventually got removed. They also repeatedly asked Rose to host a meeting in order to get more answers about the situation. Eventually, Rose followed up in an email, stating “that management acted in response to complaints they received from building residents,” and that they could not comment further due to confidentiality. Considering the building’s united front, that claim felt very hard for tenants to take seriously. “You guys have already shown that you don’t really care about the residents, but now you think that we’ll believe that you fired three of the staff members due to a couple of mysterious complaints,” said Indigo “I’ve never dealt with people like this in my life. They are horrible people,” resident V said of management. What’s more, if the ostensible goal is to improve service, residents find the replacement staff to be a noticeable downgrade, especially one particular front desk staffer. “She just has a very, very nasty attitude,” said one tenant. Another claims this staffer even stole residents’ packages, calling the new team “horrible.” Many New York City building staff are unionized through 32BJ SEIU, but staff at 50 North 5th were contracted through third-party firm QCS. The decision to fire the trio raises some questions, as it appears that Rose is still working with QCS. Residents speculate that Irving, Diamond, and Ganesh were being paid at a higher rate than Rose wanted to offer, leading them to clear house with less experienced (and cheaper) staff. Though the firing was abrupt, the writing might have been on the wall earlier. Residents say Ganesh is religiously observant and that previously, his schedule reflected that without issue. That changed once Rose took over. “They would interrupt his prayer time and then not have them eat lunch for, like, the whole day,” said V. The termination agreement offered to the trio includes a non-disparagement clause. By the nature of this story moving forward, it doesn’t appear that any of them took up Rose’s offer. Rose Associates took over control of the building in August 2025. In response to these claims, a Rose spokesperson sent the following statement: “With respect to recent staffing changes at 50 N 5th, we can confirm that the changes were the result of complaints received from building residents. The staff members involved were employed by a third-party vendor that provides personnel solutions to residential properties. Rose Associates did not employ these individuals, did not manage their day-to-day schedules, and did not terminate their employment. Should residents have concerns regarding current building staff, Rose Associates is always available to receive that feedback and forward it directly to the appropriate employer. Out of respect for individual privacy, Rose Associates will always keep personnel matters confidential.” However, this appears to contradict what Rose told residents in the August 10 email. In that email, Rose explicitly states that, “Ownership and Management made the decision to adjust front desk staffing” and that “[a]s a rental community, the management and operation of the property, including staffing decisions, vendor selections, policies, procedures, and operational practices, are the responsibility of Ownership and Management.” A Rose rep did not respond to our follow up question about the discrepancy. We were also unable to reach QCS for comment about the building’s employment structure. In a recent Biznow article, sponsored by Rose , the management company positions itself as expanding their footprint across the Northeast. The article states that Rose “has more than 40,000 units under management” and is “one of the largest firms in the region.” “Renters can get four vanilla walls anywhere, there are lots of beautiful apartments with great amenities, but what makes the difference is customer service and engagement,” a Rose rep told Biznow. “Everyone is looking for management they can depend on.” The residents at 50 North 5th Street feel like they’re still looking.

title.rendered: Greenpoint This Week: Quimby’s Relocating, Nonna’s Pizzeria Shut Down, and More
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/04/greenpoint-this-week-quimbys-relocating-nonnas-pizzeria-shut-down-and-more/
date: 2026-09-04T16:11:55
content.rendered: Good evening, Greenpointers Before you depart for any Labor Day plans, check in with our roundup for the stories you need to know ahead of the long weekend. Staying put for the weekend? Our guide will steer you in the right direction. Quimby’s , a beloved bookstore and hub for indie publishers, announced plans to move into a new space on Union Avenue. Greenpoint mourned after Wasabi announced it would close after 26 years. But great news— the team is back and moved down the street. Ayune focuses on hand rolls, with some Wasabi classics returning. A GoFundMe is raising money for out-of-work staff at Sereneco after a fire damaged the restaurant . A Chez Ma Tante alum is gearing up to open his own spot on Noble Street. Ratatouille seems a lot less cute after reading this— health inspectors shut down Nonna’s Pizzeria for multiple violations (including rodents). We spoke to Brian Stearns of Tunes for Tykes, in what might be our most endearing ‘Greenpoint at Work’ profile to date! Local author Gabrielle Moss gave us the scoop on her new book, The Midlife Plot Twist. JenScribbles NY and Lyora Pissarro recently launched a new art workshop series at 67 West Street. In and around North Brooklyn Music Hall of Williamsburg opened at the zenith of the neighborhood’s hipster days. What does it mean for it to close? More evidence that Williamsburg’s nightlife scene is not what it was. State Attorney General Letitia James has banned a local developer from selling condos for the next few years.

title.rendered: Wasabi Owners Open New Hand Roll Bar Ayune in Greenpoint
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/04/wasabi-owners-open-new-hand-roll-bar-ayune-in-greenpoint/
date: 2026-09-04T12:48:09
content.rendered: After 26 years, Greenpoint’s Wasabi (638 Manhattan Ave.) closed earlier this summer, saddening many locals who loved the restaurant’s fresh sushi and warm hospitality. But after only six weeks, Wasabi’s owners, Robby and Cristin Wijaya, are back in business with a new Japanese restaurant down the street from their original location. Their new concept is called Ayune and is located at 664 Manhattan Avenue, the former home of Botbar. Botbar originally opened in 2023 as a robot-run coffeeshop and then rebranded in 2024 with a vegan food menu from the owners of Wasabi (with the robot intact, to the chagrin of some locals). The former home of Botbar being rearranged as Ayune. Photo: Ayune On Instagram , Wasabi’s team said that Ayune will “bring its own spin on the flavors and care you’ve come to know from us back in Wasabi, in a fresh new space.” Ayune specializes in hand rolls. Its menu offers a variety of rolls with everything from tuna and salmon to shiitake mushrooms and Japanese pumpkin. The menu includes hand roll sets with three, four, five, or six rolls for $19 to $38. The Wijayas told Greenpointers that Ayune will also offer a simplified version of Wasabi’s menu. Ayune’s beverage offerings include a variety of cocktails like a spicy mango cooler and a yuzu shiso fizz, plus homemade lemonade and teas. Ayune recently applied for a beer and wine liquor license, which will hopefully be approved in a few months. Ayune soft opened earlier this week on September 2. Until Sunday, the newcomer’s hours will be 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. A grand opening will happen on Monday, September 7.

title.rendered: JenScribblesNY Launches an Art Workshop Series at Greenpoint Loft
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/04/jenscribblesny-launches-an-art-workshop-series-at-greenpoint-loft/
date: 2026-09-04T10:39:55
content.rendered: In a world increasingly filled with AI slop, it’s always good to remember that you can still create art with your hands. Artists Jen Toth (also known as JenScribblesNY, whose illustrations commonly feature Greenpoint) and Lyora Pissarro are kicking off Palette Cleanser , a series of art workshops, this month at Greenpoint Loft (67 West St.) Designed to explore different hands-on mediums, classes will focus on mosaics, vases, and other tangible works of art to take home. The series will kick off with a mosaics class on September 8, followed by vase painting on the 9th. These workshops will recur every other week in the fall. Classes are BYOB if you want to make it a paint and sip, and there will also be tea from Anima Mundi available. Register here .

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-12b] Wednesday Greenpointers pull — full roundup body + linked listings
# Evidence rule, DECISION_LOG 2026-08-12. The greenpointers RSS feed is now
# PAYWALL-TRUNCATED ("Continue reading — subscribe to unlock the full article."),
# so the roundup reaches the snapshot with only its first two items. The full
# body below was read this run from the site's own public WP REST API,
# /wp-json/wp/v2/posts?slug=… (HTTP 200), the same path the 2026-08-01 run used.

# https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/12/enjoy-nature-be-healed-and-more-whats-happening-greenpoint-8-13-19/
# Enjoy nature, be healed, and more — What’s Happening, Greenpoint? (8/13-19)
# published 2026-08-12T12:49:00

No matter what you get into over the next week, there’s definitely no excuse to be bored!

THURSDAY, AUGUST 13

Friends of Greenpoint Library Meeting @ Greenpoint Library, 6 p.m.: Share ideas on making the branch a better place while planning upcoming events. RSVP here.

DIY Summer Candle Workshop @ TALEA, 6:30 p.m.: When you feel like you’ve sniffed every candle there is, it’s time to make your own. Join a hands-on, instructor-guided session with supplies included as you blend fragrances, pour wax, and leave with your own custom candle. $48.78, register here.

Reading Series @ 61 Franklin St. Garden, 6:30 p.m.: Enjoy readings by Josh Harper, Joel Walkowski, Aug Stone, Scott Laudati, and Tobias Carroll in partnership with WORD Bookstore. Free, no RSVP needed.

Restorative Sound Journey @ Buffalo Firefly, 7 p.m.: Rest and restore with a bit of sound healing by way of Himalayan singing bowls, tuning forks, gongs, chimes, and bells led by trained healer Evie. $55, register here.

Watch Me Screening @ Film Noir Cinema, 7 p.m.: Be some of the first in the country to see the European indie arthouse film exploring digital intimacy through a guerilla-style lens. $12, get tickets here.

Zumba @ Under The K Bridge Park, 7 p.m.: Break a sweat to the beat at these all-ages, all fitness-levels classes lead by a certified Zumba instructor. No rhythm required! Free, RSVP here.

FRIDAY, AUGUST 14

Kids’ Movie @ Greenpoint Library, 3 p.m.: Before he was on Broadway, but after he was a beloved literary figure, Paddington was a film. Little ones can enjoy his adventures on-screen in the 2015 movie. Free, no RSVP needed.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 15

McGolrick Bird Club @ McGolrick Park, 9 a.m.: Appreciate the neighborhood wildlife! Free, no RSVP needed.

Pollinator Gardening @ Marsha P Johnson State Park, 10 a.m.: Remove weeds and plant native seeds. Ages 8+. Free, RSVP here.

Evolv Pros vs. Joes @ Vital Climbing Gym, 11 a.m.: See if you have what it takes against elite climbing athletes from Evolv during a series of specialized physical challenges followed by photo ops, an award ceremony, and rooftop happy hour. Free for members, day pass required for non-members, RSVP here.

Morgan Craftz Pop-Up @ Pure Green Greenpoint, 11 a.m.: Local crocheter and artisan Morgan will be selling her handmade and charm-adorned crochet bags.

Flea Market @ Threes Brewing, 12 p.m.: The brewery’s first-ever flea market will feature art, vintage, books, and records from local vendors curated by Fig Shop, plus a live DJ and food from Grand Army. Plus, of course, drinks from Threes. Free, RSVP here.

SUNDAY, AUGUST 16

Artists & Markers Summer Market @ Neptune, 12 p.m.: It’s the weekend of flea! Buy some special wares like pins, prints, ceramics, and more from 20 local artisans. Free, RSVP here.

Create Your Own Designer Pillow @ Le Studio Anthost, 2 p.m.: Learn the textile studio’s signature “paint with wool” technique to create a pillow cover from scratch that’s uniquely your own. $120, register here.

Paint Your Greca @ Sotte Eatery, 3 p.m.: Join a unique celebration of Dominican culture through creativity, community, and food while personalizing and painting your own greca (a coffee maker familiar to many as a moka pot) with a Caribbean-inspired meal from Sotte and Next Stop Vegan. Starting at $75, get tickets here.

Anniversary Party @ Edy’s Grocer, 6 p.m.: Celebrate six years of Edy’s with a block party of food, fun, friends, music, an ice cream truck, and cake tasting from Desserts By G earlier in the day. Free, no RSVP needed.

MONDAY, AUGUST 17

Knitting 101 @ Brooklyn Craft Company, 11 a.m.: Learn to knit for the first time or get a refresher course with a workshop focused on yarns and needles, how to cast on and start, the knit stitch, and finishing projects. $49.87, register here.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18

Yoga in the Park @ Transmitter Park, 7 a.m.: 45 minutes of fresh air and movement for all levels. Bring your own mat, towel, or blanket. Free, RSVP here.

Therapeutic Sound Bath + Reiki @ Gather Center, 7 p.m.: Healing is so hot right now! For two hours, experience a blend of therapeutic sound, Reiki energy work, and more connections to remind you to slow down and listen more deeply. $108.55, get tickets here.

WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 19

Dancers Who Run Run Club @ Lululemon, 6 p.m.: Who says you can only have one active hobby? Connect with other artists and creatives and anyone dancer-adjacent outside of the studio during a casual, conversational 5K jog. Free, RSVP here.

Mahjong Mingle Night @ Kings Co. Imperial, 6:30 p.m.: Enjoy a family-style feast and lesson on Chinese Mahjong during a free-flow night of open play from Dragons Den Mahjong. $81.88, get tickets here.

Vinyl & Vibes An After Work Social @ Idle Mind Tavern, 7 p.m.: Rethink happy hour and opt for unwinding with all-vinyl DJ sets and more geared towards music lovers, record collectors, and beyond. $12.51, get tickets here.

Hump Night @ Pete’s Candy Store, 10 p.m.: Weekends shouldn’t have all the fun. Dance, chill in the garden, have a drink, and make friends in a not-too-loud, not-too-clubby, and non-stuffy atmosphere. Featuring a cocktail special and performance from DJ R.A.K. Free, no RSVP needed.

# --- venue, address and end-time facts read from the listings the roundup links to (R1) ---

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/artists-makers-summer-market-in-greenpoint-brooklyn-tickets-1996316493371
Artists & Makers Summer Market in Greenpoint, Brooklyn Tickets, Sunday, August 16  •  12 PM - 5 PM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - Living Muses NYC presents Artists & Makers Summer Market in Greenpoint, Brooklyn - Sunday, August 16, 2026 at The Neptune Room, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
The Neptune Room Brooklyn, NY
A quick bus ride/walk from the Vernon Blvd-Jackson Av (7 train)
13 Greenpoint Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11222

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/create-your-own-designer-pillow-tickets-1992511612871
Create Your Own Designer Pillow Tickets, Multiple dates | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - LE STUDIO ANTHOST presents Create Your Own Designer Pillow - Sunday, August 9, 2026 at 273 Calyer St, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
273 Calyer St Brooklyn, NY
273 Calyer St
273 Calyer Street
Brooklyn, NY 11222

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/returning-to-resonance-therapeutic-sound-bath-reiki-tickets-1994379871884
returning to resonance therapeutic sound bath + reiki Tickets, Tuesday, August 18  •  7 PM - 9 PM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - Gather Center presents returning to resonance therapeutic sound bath + reiki - Tuesday, August 18, 2026 at 94 Guernsey St, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
94 Guernsey St Brooklyn, NY
Venue: 94 Guernsey Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222
94 Guernsey St
94 Guernsey Street
Brooklyn, NY 11222

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/vinyl-vibes-an-after-work-social-tickets-1996760831398
Vinyl & Vibes An After Work Social Tickets, Wednesday, August 19  •  7 PM - 11 PM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - The Haus of Vibes presents Vinyl & Vibes An After Work Social - Wednesday, August 19, 2026 at Idle Mind Tavern, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
Idle Mind Tavern Brooklyn, NY
623 Manhattan Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11222

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/threes-flea-market-tickets-1995144108737
Threes Flea Market Tickets, Saturday, August 15  •  12 PM - 7 PM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - Threes Brewing presents Threes Flea Market - Saturday, August 15, 2026 at Threes Brewing Greenpoint, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
Threes Brewing Greenpoint Brooklyn, NY
Free to attend. Threes Brewing Greenpoint, 113 Franklin St.
113 Franklin Street
Brooklyn, NY 11222

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/diy-summer-candle-workshop-with-instructor-samantha-candle-making-class-in-nyc-classpoptm-tickets-1992634915673
DIY Summer Candle Workshop With Instructor Samantha - Candle Making Class in NYC | Classpop!™ Tickets, Thursday, August 13  •  6:30 PM - 8:30 PM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - Classpop! presents DIY Summer Candle Workshop With Instructor Samantha - Candle Making Class in NYC | Classpop!™ - Thursday, August 13, 2026 at TALEA Beer Co - Williamsburg, Brooklyn, NY, NY. Find event and ticket information.
TALEA Beer Co - Williamsburg Brooklyn, NY, NY
87 Richardson St
Brooklyn, NY, NY 11211
Explore all events in Brooklyn, NY and filter by date, category, and more to find the perfect fit.

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/mahjong-mingle-night-at-kings-co-tickets-1989681394612
Mahjong Mingle Night at Kings Co. Tickets, Wednesday, August 19  •  6:30 PM - 9:30 PM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - Dragons Den Mahjong presents Mahjong Mingle Night at Kings Co. - Wednesday, August 19, 2026 at Kings Co Imperial, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
Kings Co Imperial Brooklyn, NY
20 Skillman Avenue
Brooklyn, NY 11211

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/pollinator-gardening-tickets-1992457861098
Pollinator Gardening Tickets, Saturday, August 15  •  10 AM - 11:30 AM | Eventbrite
Eventbrite - Marsha P. Johnson State Park presents Pollinator Gardening - Saturday, August 15, 2026 at Marsha P. Johnson State Park, Brooklyn, NY. Find event and ticket information.
Marsha P. Johnson State Park Brooklyn, NY
90 Kent Ave, Brooklyn, New York
Cross streets – N 8th and Kent Ave
90 Kent Ave
Brooklyn, NY 11211

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-12] greenpointers.com articles + one Eventbrite listing
# Evidence rule, DECISION_LOG 2026-08-12. The roster snapshot is the site FEED,
# which rolls forward, so cards citing individual articles lose their evidence
# within days. greenpointers.com also returns 403 to plain fetch — read via the
# browser pane on 2026-08-12.

# https://greenpointers.com/2026/06/01/poochs-parlor-greenpoint-dog-grooming/
[Sponsored] Mention Greenpointers for 20% off your first appointment at Pooch’s Parlor (128 India St)!

# https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/06/checkmate-north-brooklyn-chess-club-sets-up-summer-residency-at-the-mccarren-parkhouse/
its residency at the McCarren Parkhouse (855 Lorimer St.) hosting weekly chess nights every Thursday from 7 to 11pm.

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/north-brooklyn-chess-parkhouse-summer-residency-tickets-1990656783025
# (nb-chess-parkhouse-0806 quotes ACROSS two sources; the gate maps a card to one
#  source by host, so the Eventbrite half is persisted here beside the article.)
Sometimes free, sometimes ticketed. RSVPs encouraged and tickets are always available at the door.
Each ticketed week we will bring one to two chess masters, coaches, or titled chess players for our "challengers corner". These will be high-skill games, in Blitz or Bullet format.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-12c] buffalofirefly.com — the venue the roundup never names an address for
# Evidence rule, DECISION_LOG 2026-08-12. Read from an interactive session after
# Batu allowlisted the host; the routine's own egress denies it (CONNECT 403),
# which is why this card was held on the Wednesday run. Nominatim returns NO
# RESULT for "Buffalo Firefly, Brooklyn, NY", so the address below is the only
# thing that clears the Greenpoint-geography gate.
#
# Buffalo Firefly runs TWO locations (Brooklyn + Richmond VA). The 8/13 session
# is listed under the site's own "Brooklyn Events" heading and the detail page
# states the Nassau Ave address on the listing itself, so the claim is
# attributable to the Greenpoint storefront — the locally-owned gate passes on
# attributability per the same day's ruling.

# https://buffalofirefly.com/
CONTACT INFO
NYC
55 Nassau Ave, 2E, Brooklyn, NY 11222
Richmond
4025 MacArthur Ave, Richmond, VA 23227

Brooklyn Events
Thu 8/13 Soundbath w/Evie

# https://buffalofirefly.com/pages/soundbath-w-evie-nyc
Thursday, Aug 13 · 7:00–8:15pm
In person $55
55 Nassau Ave, 2E, Brooklyn, NY 11222

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-09] https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/09/swap-clothes-and-books-clean-up-parks-and-more-whats-happening-greenpoint-9-10-16/
No matter what you get into over the next week, there’s definitely no excuse to be bored!

THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10

Read & Play @ Greenpoint Library, 1 p.m.:  An inclusive new series for babies and toddlers up to age 5 to hear stories, make friends, and play. Bilingual in English and Polish, with ASL interpretation available with adequate notice. Free, in-person advance registration required.

Zumba @ Under The K Bridge Park, 7 p.m.:  Break a sweat to the beat at these all-ages, all fitness-levels classes lead by a certified Zumba instructor. No rhythm required! Free, RSVP  here .

FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 11

REVENANT: An Off-NYFW Runway Event @ The Twisted Spine, 8 p.m.: Pass up the traditional Manhattan NYFW fare for something more alternative, a styling event featuring clothing, jewelry, and accessories from independent brands inspired by horror, music, and more. Tickets include a gift bag and complimentary drink. $17, get tickets here .

SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 12

Day of Fun @ Goddard School of Greenpoint, 9 a.m.: Your kids can take a live music class and soccer demos, plus catch a school tour for the whole family during an open house. Free, register here .

Mat Pilates + Meditation @ Held Space, 11 a.m.: Deepen your mind-body connection with a workshop led by a certified Pilates instructor and licensed somatic therapist focusing on breathing techniques, core engagement, meditation, and more. Beginner friendly. Pay as you wish starting at $25, register here .

Fall Clothing Swap @ Maison Jar, 11 a.m.: Free up some space in your closet and get something new (to you). Bring clean, gently loved clothing—all sizes and genders welcome. Free, no RSVP needed.

Curious Beginner’s Path to Plant Medicine @ Java St. Garden, 11 a.m.: Explore yourself and your relationship to plants as it relates to plant medicine and its many uses. Free, no RSVP needed.

D.A.N.C.E. Cleanup @ Transmitter Park, 12 p.m.: Forget about the marina for a while and enjoy doing some good instead. D.A.N.C.E.—Dedicated Artists Now Cleaning the Environment— invites creatives, artists, designers, photographers, friends, family, and more (truly, everyone is invited and welcome) to help clean one of our local parks. Free, register here .

The Great Brooklyn Beer Mile @ McCarren Park Tennis Courts, 12 p.m.: Mixed solo and team races featuring four N/A beers per mile. Starting at $50, register here .

Disco Night Vol. 27 @ Polish and Slavic Center, 7 p.m.: The local tradition continues! $25, get tickets here .

SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 13

Bike Skills 101: Learn to Ride @ McCarren Park, 10 a.m.: If your kid wants to ditch the training wheels (or already has and wants to better their skills), they can learn safely learn the ins and outs of two-wheelers from experienced instructors. Free, register here .

Book Swap @ Peek Inn, 12 p.m.: You already got rid of clothes, now get rid of some books! Bring a book and grab some new-to-you titles and even get a hot dog and martini while you peruse. Free, no RSVP needed.

Sunday Scoops @ McCarren Parkhouse, 1 p.m.: Savory flavors and ice cream are having a moment. Olive oil brand Graza is partnering with baker Ogechi Egonu on olive oil-y scoops with orange and pink pepper. Free while supplies last.

MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14

Nice Moms Coffee Club @ Balkan Grind, 9 a.m.: Meeting other moms shouldn’t be hard. Start your week off with caffeine and the sweet feeling of friendship during a monthly hangout. Free, RSVP here .

Chair Yoga for Adults @ Greenpoint Library, 1:30 p.m.: Yoga should be for all! Adults of all ages and abilities can build strength and mobility through an accessible chair-focused sequence and guided breathwork. Free, no RSVP needed.

Trivia Club @ McCarren Parkhouse, 7 p.m.: Test your knowledge of random hobbies on a randomly-selected team. Free, RSVP here .

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15

México Independence Day @ La Contenta, 3 p.m.: Celebrate Mexican independence with a traditional menu, specialty cocktails, and live music by Los Martinez. Reserve on OpenTable here .

Planting Day @ Newtown Creek Nature Walk, 5 p.m.: Did you know the Newtown Creek Nature Walk houses numerous native Greenpoint plants? And it could have even more? Help tidy it up, remove aggressive plant material, and plant 400 native perennials in support of a biodiverse habitat. Free, register here .

The Writing Group @ Lovebirds, 5 p.m.: Write, drink, and socialize for an hour followed by readings with analysis and constructive feedback. Free, RSVP here .

Animation Nights @ The Gutter, 8 p.m.: A curation of the best animated short films from all around the world. Pay what you wish, get tickets here .

WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16

After-School Improv @ Greenpoint Comedy Club, 2:15 p.m.: If your kid considers themself a comedian (as many do), give them a creative outlet. Unthinkable Comedy is hosting kid-friendly improv classes centered around play, creativity, teamwork, scene work, and imagination. Grades 2nd to 5th. Starting at $660 for the entire 12-week series, register here .

México Independence Day @ La Contenta, 3 p.m.: Day 2 of celebrations. Reserve on OpenTable here .

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-09] https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/09/santa-chiara-caffe-now-open-in-greenpoint/
Just over a year ago, Greenpointers reported that Santa Chiara Caffè  (227 West St.) would open the brand’s first Brooklyn location in Greenpoint, joining a storefront in Long Island City and a roaming gelato cart.

At the end of last month, Santa Chiara’s new Greenpoint outpost soft opened as an Italian caffé, bakery, and gelateria. The team is still making ‘finishing touches” and awaiting full liquor license approval. 

A homemade pizza from Santa Chiara. Photo: Santa Chiara

Santa Chiara’s Cristiano Rossi told Greenpointers that the new Greenpoint location gave the team “the opportunity to expand Santa Chiara from a gelateria and caffè into a true all-day Italian destination.”

“The personality of the space changes naturally throughout the day,” Rossi explained, highlighting that Santa Chiara’s new Greenpoint location serves a food menu with breakfast, lunch, and dinner options. 

Santa Chiara’s new Greenpoint location. Photo: Santa Chiara

Daytime offerings include croissants and pastries made in house, eggs and omelettes, avocado and salmon toasts, salads, Italian salumi and cheeses, and specialities like cragels. 

Santa Chiara’s cragel is a buttery French croissant shaped, filled and stacked like a New York bagel. It comes with combinations like smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes and capers; prosciutto and mozzarella; or mortadella, burrata and pistachio. 

Another highlight of the menu is Santa Chiara’s pizza Napoletana. And if gelato isn’t your thing, Santa Chiara created a banana pudding, which “has unexpectedly become a phenomenon of its own.” 

“It started as one of our house-made desserts and has now become a Greenpoint must. People come specifically for it, and we regularly sell out faster than we can make the next batch,” Rossi told Greenpointers.

Homemade banana pudding from Santa Chiara. Photo: Santa Chiara

Santa Chiara is best known for its artisanal gelato, which is made in small batches in house. There’s a rotating list of gelato flavors, plus Santa Chiara’s alcohol-infused gelati. 

Gelato is what Santa Chiara became known for in Long Island City and “remains the soul of the brand,” the team said.

Santa Chiara’s Greenpoint location is open everyday from 7 a.m. to 10:30 p.m.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-02] Listing pages behind the "What's Happening, Greenpoint? (9/3-9)" roundup
# The roundup body carries anchor TEXT only ("RSVP here", "get tickets here"), so the
# ticketing URLs were harvested from the WP REST content.rendered HTML and each listing
# fetched with the roster's own User-Agent through the proxy. Lines below are verbatim
# from each listing's schema.org Event JSON-LD (name / startDate / endDate / location /
# offers), transcribed so ingest:quotes can re-check the cards that rest on them.

Soft Strides: Anniversary Run Club
startDate: 2026-09-03T08:00:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-03T10:00:00-04:00
location: Soft Bar
streetAddress: 200 Banker Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 0.0 highPrice 0.0
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/soft-strides-anniversary-run-club-tickets-1998996904553

Celebrate 50 Years of Plantasia at For The Record
startDate: 2026-09-03T22:00:00.000Z
location: For The Record
streetAddress: 1107 Manhattan Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11222
url: https://partiful.com/e/NId4xpJpyCar1pClLvjU

BWSF 2026 ArtEcologic Opening Night @ Lentol Garden
startDate: 2026-09-04T18:00:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-04T21:00:00-04:00
location: Lentol Garden
streetAddress: 178 Bayard Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 0.0 highPrice 0.0
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/bwsf-2026-artecologic-opening-night-lentol-garden-tickets-1999035049646

Kingsland Wildflowers Open Hours
startDate: 2026-09-05T14:00:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-05T18:00:00-04:00
location: Kingsland Wildflowers Green Roof & Community Engagement Center
streetAddress: 520 Kingsland Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 0.0 highPrice 0.0
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/kingsland-wildflowers-open-hours-tickets-1997595245152

IN TRANSLATION Book Club
startDate: 2026-09-06T12:00:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-06T13:00:00-04:00
location: Spritzenhaus33
streetAddress: 33 Nassau Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 15.0
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/in-translation-book-club-tickets-1996116762972

Butcher Class: Make Your Own Sausage
startDate: 2026-09-06T18:30:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-06T20:00:00-04:00
location: Prospect Butcher Co. 2
streetAddress: 113A Nassau Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 161.9
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/butcher-class-make-your-own-sausage-tickets-1992801931221

Burning Thoughts, ed 1: a convo w/ Glynnis MacNicol
startDate: 2026-09-08T18:30:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-08T21:00:00-04:00
location: The Lighthouse Campus
streetAddress: 58 Kent Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 44.17
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/burning-thoughts-ed-1-a-convo-w-glynnis-macnicol-tickets-1997159438643

Sake Social: Pizza Party at Bin Bin
startDate: 2026-09-09T18:00:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-09T21:00:00-04:00
location: Bin Bin Sake
streetAddress: 29 Norman Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11222
offers: lowPrice 33.85
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sake-social-pizza-party-at-bin-bin-tickets-1998813763774

Hands-On Tortilla Making Workshop
startDate: 2026-09-05T11:30:00-04:00
endDate: 2026-09-05T13:30:00-04:00
location: 234 Grand St
streetAddress: 234 Grand Street, Brooklyn, NY 11211
url: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hands-on-tortilla-making-workshop-tickets-1998906996636
# OUT OF AREA (11211, Williamsburg) — not carded.

# REFUSED AT THE PROXY 2026-09-02: https://www.viewcy.com/event/ethelatstjohns
# curl through the routine's proxy returned "CONNECT tunnel failed, response 403", so the
# ETHEL / Cultural Center opening night at St John's Lutheran Church has no fetchable
# address and is HELD. Host to allowlist: viewcy.com

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-26w] Wednesday pull — listings and archive lines behind the 8/27-9/2 roundup cards
# Evidence rule, DECISION_LOG 2026-08-12. The roundup body carries NO outbound
# URLs (htmlToText keeps only the anchor text "get tickets here"), so the links
# were harvested by re-reading content.rendered from the WP REST API and the
# listings fetched with the roster's browser UA through the routine's proxy.
# ANSWERED: luma.com, eventbrite.com, partiful.com, otisandfinn.com.
# REFUSED at the proxy ("Request was cancelled"): diandi.nyc, bignightbk.com,
# bignight.nyc, plusbklyn.com, nbkparks.org + support.nbkparks.org,
# otisandfinn.as.me. opentable.com is BOT-BLOCKED, not egress-blocked (2026-08-19
# ruling) — do not re-propose it for the allowlist.

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/culture-house-greenpoint-poetry-night-tickets-1997479497949 (CARDED)
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"Culture House: Greenpoint Licensed Cannabis Dispensary","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"807 Manhattan Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}}
"startDate":"2026-08-28T17:00:00-04:00"
"endDate":"2026-08-28T19:00:00-04:00"
"description":"An intimate evening of poetry, community, good vibes, sponsor goodies, and more at Culture House Greenpoint."
"offers":[{"@type":"AggregateOffer","lowPrice":"20.0","highPrice":"20.0"

# https://partiful.com/e/x4K3k2lYHhKW3SZ4p4Sg — The Better Club: Portrait Night! (CARDED)
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"McCarren Parkhouse","address":"855 Lorimer St, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}
"startDate":"2026-08-29T20:00:00.000Z"
"endDate":"2026-08-29T22:30:00.000Z"
The Better Club is a creative mental health community based in Brooklyn. Portrait Night (our first event!) is 2.5 hours of low-stakes cutting, pasting, and creating. Also drinks and snacks.
Sketchbooks provided, plus magazines and collage cutouts, fabric scraps, pastels, colored pencils, watercolor paint, beads, and sequins, but bring anything that feels like you or that you'd love to work with. Drinks and food on us if you RSVP.
The venue is McCarren Parkhouse, located at the far end of McCarren Park. There is a full bar and burger restaurant inside.

# https://partiful.com/e/bcKEB1zJ5V3Z3l6WomwH — Bedford Slip Weekend, the RSVP the Sunday hot dog fundraiser links to (CARDED)
"location":{"@type":"Place","address":"1 Bedford Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}
"organizer":[{"@type":"Organization","name":"NBK Open Streets"

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/madelines-comedy-show-standup-comedy-in-greenpoint-tickets-1983694663137 (CARDED)
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"Madeline's","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"113 Franklin Street, #FC, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}}
"description":"Intimate, hilarious comedy from NYC's best comedians. Hosted by Gabe Gerry at Madeline's Restaurant and Cocktail Lounge."
"startDate":"2026-03-12T20:00:00-04:00"
"endDate":"2026-12-15T21:30:00-05:00"
"name":"How often are the shows","acceptedAnswer":{"@type":"Answer","text":"Every first and third Tuesday of the month"}
"offers":[{"@type":"AggregateOffer","lowPrice":"10.0","highPrice":"10.0"

# https://greenpointers.com/2022/02/11/behind-the-toque-interview-with-chef-dennis-ngo-of-di-an-di/ — Di An Di street address (CARDED: diandi.nyc is refused at the proxy and OpenTable bot-blocks)
Di An Di — an acclaimed local spot located at 68 Greenpoint Ave and surrounded by other favorite haunts like Paulie Gee's and Pencil Factory — has been serving up Vietnamese cuisine in the neighborhood for nearly four years.

# https://greenpointers.com/2025/05/20/community-cookbook-big-nights-party-mix/ — Big Night street address (CARDED: bignightbk.com is refused at the proxy)
Greenpoint's Big Night (154 Franklin St.), is having a big year. The shop, known for its dinner party essentials, reopened with an expanded storefront at the beginning of the month, and last summer, owner Katherine Lewin came out with her very own cookbook called

# https://greenpointers.com/2022/10/04/get-to-know-this-years-honorees-for-the-nbk-parks-11th-annual-fundraising-gala/ — Under the K Bridge Park entrance (CARDED: nbkparks.org is refused at the proxy)
NBK Parks recommends people take a car service to 470 Scott Ave . People arriving via public transit should enter the park at 812 Meeker Ave .

# https://luma.com/wma5kege — Drink & Draw @ MASSA Art Cafe (SKIPPED: Williamsburg)
"location":{"@type":"Place","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressCountry":"US","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"New York","streetAddress":"234 Grand St"},"name":"234 Grand St"
Thursday, August 27th 6:30-8:30 PM MASSA — Williamsburg, Brooklyn 234 Grand Street NY 11211

# https://partiful.com/e/grM3kKD9Ckv5KDnbhXMJ — Shop & Sip @ Plus BKLYN (HELD: the page states a clock and NO address)
Shop & Sip: Re/Dress Kickstarter Kickoff Friday, Aug 28 6:00pm - 8:00pm ET Hosted by
Before Plus BKLYN, there was Re/Dress. If you were around Brooklyn in the 2000s, you already know.
# Plus BKLYN has two storefronts and the event page attributes this one to neither.
# Greenpointers, 2024-09-11: "Plus BKLYN has finally opened their second location at 671 Manhattan Avenue."
# Greenpointers, 2023-10-19: "Plus BKLYN , a boutique specializing in pre-loved and vintage plus-sized clothing and accessories currently at 490 Metropolitan Avenue"

# https://www.otisandfinn.com/community + /greenpoint — Back-to-School Haircuts (HELD: four shops, none named)
Throughout the year, we host a variety of community-centered events designed to uplift, connect, and celebrate. From our annual free Back-to-School Haircutting Event, to our Pride Party, we're proud to create spaces that bring people together.
44th AVE 11-16 44th Ave Long Island City - NY 11101 COURT SQUARE 45-22 Pearson St Long Island City - NY 11101 GREENPOINT 197 Franklin St Greenpoint - NY 11222 WILLIAMSBURG 154 Grand St Brooklyn - NY 11249
# otisandfinn.as.me/schedule/e648f5dd/appointment/97364297 — the booking page the roundup links, which would name the shop — is REFUSED at the proxy.

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2026-bagged-compost-pick-up-for-nyc-residents-brooklyn-tickets-1984889930213 (HELD: lens question, facts are clean)
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"459 N Henry St","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"459 North Henry Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}}
"description":"Wednesdays and Saturdays from April 1- September 30. Registration opens two weeks before each event."
"startDate":"2026-04-01T17:00:00-04:00"
"organizer":{"@type":"Organization","name":"NYC Department of Sanitation"

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-26] https://greenpointers.com/2026/06/01/poochs-parlor-greenpoint-dog-grooming/
Re-verified for the recurring-deal expiry flag: the sponsored article is live and still states the offer.
Mention Greenpointers for 20% off your first appointment at Pooch’s Parlor! View grooming services at poochs-parlor.com , and call (718) 541-6887 to book.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-19c] Wednesday pull — the ticketing listings the morning run could not reach
# Evidence rule, DECISION_LOG 12 August 2026. The Wednesday scoped pull re-tried
# the six hosts the daily run recorded as refused. Four now answer at the
# routine's proxy (portal.iclasspro.com, luma.com, partiful.com,
# themccarren.com); www.opentable.com and checkout.square.site still answer 403
# to CONNECT, and every venue's own domain is denied the same way. What follows
# is the text read from the four that answered, saved so the calls below stay
# checkable after the WP REST window rolls.

# https://partiful.com/e/5SVQBR7ZENGrpY5twISh — Summer Guest Series Finale @ Threes Brewing (CARDED)
Peter Luger Steakhouse @ Three… | Partiful Get the app Login Peter Luger Steakhouse @ Threes Brewing Greenpoint Monday, Aug 24 5:00pm – 8:00pm ET ET Hosted by ◉‿◉ Peter Luger Steakhouse, the world-famous Williasmburg institution, is popping up at Threes Brewing Greenpoint for one night only. From 5–8pm, try Peter Luger's world-famous brats, taste Luger Lager, our collaboration bavarian lager, and sip drink specials by Faccia Brutto. Walk-in only. No reservations. Specials served until we run out. RSVP to mark your calendar! Guest List 4 Going · 2 Interested View all :D ˘▿˘ ^◡^ 👍 RSVP Interested Restricted Access Only RSVP'd guests can view event activity & see who's going RSVP for access Already RSVP'd? Sign in Home Explore Create Send a card Log in Explore events Create a free event Help Blog Careers About Get the app

# https://partiful.com/e/TbeR7qATKonmFBwR5YmF — Meet Your Wine Soulmate @ Bouquet Wine Bar (STILL HELD: no address anywhere on the page)
Love at first sip | Partiful Get the app Login Love at first sip Friday, Aug 21 6:30pm ET ET Hosted by ¬‿¬ ´◡` Love at First Sip! Our very first singles event, with a little twist: instead of swiping, we’re letting the wine do the matchmaking. You’ll be paired with wines from all over the world, meet other wine lovers, share some small bites, and hang out with us in the backyard. No awkward icebreakers, no pressure, and no expectations. Just really good wine, good people, and a lovely little night outside. Come for the wine, stay for the company. And who knows, maybe you’ll meet someone worth sharing a bottle with. ♥️ Guest List 10 Going · 27 Interested View all :) ◔◟◔ &gt;.&lt; Explore More DOPE BEACH DAY 3.0 End of Summer Singles Mixer! Sunset Sessions - Back for round 2! Restricted Access Only RSVP'd guests can view event activity & see who's going Get tickets Already RSVP'd? Sign in Home Explore Create Send a card Log in Explore events Create a free event Help Blog Careers About Get the app

# https://partiful.com/e/f4s1iNbT8XF5do7SZah3 — Rise & Bark @ Memorial Gore Plaza (STILL HELD: no address, and "Memorial Gore Plaza" returns zero Nominatim hits, so it cannot be pinned)
🐶RISE & BARK☀️ A morning bloc… | Partiful Get the app Login 🐶RISE & BARK☀️ A morning block party! Saturday, Aug 22 8:00am – 11:00am ET ET Hosted by •ᴥ• :D +4 Join North Brooklyn Dogs, NYC Pet & Aunt Hilda on Saturday August 22nd for the launch of two new community events bringing together North Brooklyn’s dogs, pet lovers, local businesses, and neighborhood organizations. ☀️ A community coffee + dog run hangout 🐾 Paws in the City Vol. 2 (Afternoon Market) 🌟 Special Guests + Community 📲 Good to Know 💛 Everyone’s Welcome Guest List 63 Going · 17 Interested · 9 Maybe View all ^◡^ *◟* •‿• 👍 RSVP Interested Explore More CHAIR x storytelling Surviving New York | Garden Party Photo Walk with Salomon & Photodom Restricted Access Only RSVP'd guests can view event activity & see who's going RSVP for access Already RSVP'd? Sign in Home Explore Create Send a card Log in Explore events Create a free event Help Blog Careers About Get the app

# https://luma.com/d2cgma9q — Paint & Sip @ Reforester's Laboratory (NOT CARDED, OUT OF AREA)
# The listing's JSON-LD carries no street address, only coordinates. Nominatim
# reverse-geocodes 40.7162373,-73.9619272 to "214, Berry Street, Williamsburg,
# Brooklyn, Kings County, New York, 11249" — Williamsburg, so out of scope.
"location":{"@type":"Place","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressCountry":"US","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"New York","streetAddress":"Reforesters Laboratory"},"name":"Reforesters Laboratory","geo":{"@type":"GeoCoordinates","latitude":40.716237299999996,"longitude":-73.96192719999999}}

# https://luma.com/c7tbp460 — Not Your Mother's Mahjong @ Birdie's Sporting Club (NOT CARDED, OUT OF AREA)
# Same shape: no street address, coordinates only. Nominatim reverse-geocodes
# 40.7225709,-73.9562401 to "105, North 13th Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn,
# Kings County, New York, 11249" — Williamsburg, so out of scope.
"location":{"@type":"Place","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressCountry":"US","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"New York","streetAddress":"Birdie's Sporting Club"},"name":"Birdie's Sporting Club","geo":{"@type":"GeoCoordinates","latitude":40.7225709,"longitude":-73.9562401}}

# https://www.themccarren.com/trivia — Trivia @ The McCarren (NOT CARDED, OUT OF AREA)
# The venue's own page titles itself "Trivia in Williamsburg Brooklyn - The McCarren".
Trivia in Williamsburg Brooklyn - The McCarren 0 Skip to Content Trivia Open Menu Close Menu Trivia Open Menu Close Menu Trivia McCarren Trivia MONDAYS AT 7:30PM General Knowledge Trivia Hosted By Matt via Trivia City Every Monday at 7:30pm! THE HALL OF FAME Creative + fun quizzes in the classic ‘pub trivia’ style, jam packed with at least 60 questions per night. Topics are a broad range of general knowledge. Played with pen and paper. - Round 1 - Current Events - Round 2 - Visual Round (new category each week) - Round 3 - Category Round (new category each week) - Round 4 - Audio Round (new category each week) - Round 5 - Wildcard Round (general information, no category) Weekly Prizes… - $25 Gift Card - Round of Shots - a Bottle of Wine to Take Home The team with the most points gets first pick from the prize pool. The second-place team picks next. And so on. League Style Play The 10-Week Fall Season begins Monday August 24th and will end Monday November 2nd. These dates will be somewhat flexible, updates posted here and announced on social media. League trivia works the same way as bar trivia anywhere. You’ll enjoy weekly quizzes with weekly prizes…and your score will be automatically recorded in the ongoing season standings. This season, teams have ONE ‘BYE’ WEEK - League totals don’t include your lowest score. Teams with the highest cumulative scores at the end of the season collect Grand Prizes… - $225 Gift Voucher - $175 Gift Voucher - $125 Gift Voucher - $100 Gift Voucher - $75 Gift Voucher - $50 Gift Voucher - Happy Hour Pricing for All of Next Season - Free Bottomle

# Nominatim lookup used to pin the Threes Brewing card (OpenStreetMap is this
# project's geocoder of record; query "Threes Brewing, Franklin Street, Brooklyn, NY"):
# 40.7303713,-73.9578334 Threes Brewing, 113, Franklin Street, Greenpoint, Brooklyn, Kings County, New York, 11222, United States

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-19] Eventbrite listings linked from the 8/20-26 roundup
# Evidence rule, DECISION_LOG 2026-08-12. The roundup body carries NO outbound
# URLs (htmlToText keeps only the anchor text "get tickets here"), so the links
# were harvested by re-reading content.rendered from the WP REST API and the
# listings fetched with the roster's browser UA through the routine's proxy.
# Only eventbrite.com answered; opentable.com, portal.iclasspro.com, luma.com,
# checkout.square.site, partiful.com and themccarren.com were all refused at the
# proxy ("Request was cancelled" / 502 "policy unavailable"), which is why the
# items they carry are HELD and not shipped.

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/create-your-own-designer-pillow-tickets-1992511612871
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"273 Calyer St","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"273 Calyer Street, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}}
"startDate":"2026-08-09T14:00:00-04:00"
"endDate":"2026-11-01T17:00:00-05:00"

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/madelines-comedy-show-standup-comedy-in-greenpoint-tickets-1983694663137
"name": "Madeline's Comedy Show - Standup Comedy in Greenpoint",
"startDate": "2026-03-12T20:00:00-04:00",
"endDate": "2026-12-15T21:30:00-05:00",
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"Madeline's","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"113 Franklin Street, #FC, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}}

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/live-island-a-gay-dating-experience-tickets-1993578759736
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"LOFT STORY","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"748 Manhattan Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11222"}}
"startDate":"2026-08-26T19:00:00-04:00"
"endDate":"2026-08-26T23:30:00-04:00"

# https://www.eventbrite.com/e/benefit-dinner-drag-show-for-venezuela-tickets-1996742296961
# NOT CARDED — out of area. This is the item the "Lulla's Venezuela relief hub"
# watchItem has been waiting on an address for since 2026-07-24; the address is
# 169 Graham Ave, which is East Williamsburg, outside the Greenpoint bbox.
"location":{"@type":"Place","name":"Lulla’s","address":{"@type":"PostalAddress","addressLocality":"Brooklyn","addressRegion":"NY","addressCountry":"US","streetAddress":"169 graham ave, Brooklyn, NY 11206"}}

# https://barmethod.com/locations/new-york-city-williamsburg/schedule/
# NOT CARDED — the roundup's "Free Prenatal Workshop @ The Bar Method" links to
# the Bar Method WILLIAMSBURG schedule. Out of area; no fetch needed, the link
# itself names the location.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-19b] HELD items from the 8/20-26 roundup — verbatim lines
# The WP REST window rolls (per_page=15), so these lines vanish within days and
# the holds would become unre-checkable. Kept here so the review PR's cards stay
# verifiable after the roundup rolls off. Each is blocked on a street address:
# the roundup states none, and the listing host that carries one was refused at
# the routine's proxy.
1-Year Anniversary @ La Contenta, 3 p.m.: Celebrate the restaurant’s first year in Greenpoint with a live DJ, all-day tattoos, and food and drink specials. Make your reservation via OpenTable here .
Summer Bash @ Ms. J’s Gymnastics, 3:30 p.m.: Enjoy the AC while your kiddos enjoy some free play during a fun indoor summer soirée with a bounce house, face painting, and arts and crafts. All ages welcome. $25 per child, register here .
Paint & Sip @ Reforester’s Laboratory, 7 p.m.: This isn’t your average paint-and-sip sesh. Perfect Days Collective is leading a 90-minute experiential journey exploring the two sides of the self through art with guided meditation and two canvases side by side. $55, get tickets here .
Floral Arrangement Workshop @ Joy Flower Pot, 6:30 p.m.: Daisies are quintessentially summer, so learn how to work with them in a beginner-friendly, hands-on workshop resulting in a bouquet to take home. $125, get tickets here .
Meet Your Wine Soulmate @ Bouquet Wine Bar, 6:30 p.m.: Get off the apps and into a glass. Let your favorite blend lead you to a new fling during a wine-tasting and singles-event hybrid with lite bites and curated bottles. $45, get tickets here .
Rise & Bark @ Memorial Gore Plaza, 8 a.m.: Calling all pawrents and dog lovers. North Brooklyn Dogs, NYC Pet, and Aunt Hilda Pet Care are throwing a fundraiser, info session, community market, and more dedicated to furry friends. Learn how to support the local dog community and dog parks, raise funds for the Cooper Park dog run, meet fellow pup parents, and shop from local pet brands and makers. Free, RSVP here .
Backyard Summer BBQ @ Panzon, 2 p.m.: Summer may be (unofficially) winding down if the upcoming Labor Day Weekend is any indication, but that doesn’t mean cutting back on celebrations. Come together for dancing, frozen drinks, and a special barbecue menu. No reservation needed.
Pigeons! An Art Show @ Cloud City, 4 p.m.: Art takes flight during a show dedicated to one of our most notorious local muses. The exhibition will feature 26 artists exploring pigeons across photography, painting, collage, sculpture, and more, with works available for purchase. There will also be a draw-your-own-pigeon station, photo opps, a live pigeon feeding, and more. Free, no RSVP needed.
Summer Guest Series Finale @ Threes Brewing, 5 p.m.: The local brewery is partnering with Peter Luger for a Brats and Beers takeover featuring Peter Luger-curated decor, menu, and music, plus Luger Lager, a special collaboration brew available while supplies last. Walk-in only. RSVP here .
Trivia @ The McCarren, 7:30 p.m.: Have a lot of knowledge burning a hole in your brain? Put it to good use as Trivia City kicks off their fall season at The McCarren featuring over 60 questions across five rounds. More info here .
Summer Sandwich Series @ Edith’s: Try a taste of Palm Beach with a collab sandwich from Florida’s Būccan Sandwich Shop—the Beef Carpaccio Sandwich is layered with beef carpaccio, arugula, Parmesan, crispy balsamic onions, mayo, and lemon vinaigrette on a baguette. For a limited time.
Not Your Mother’s Mahjong @ Birdie’s Sporting Club, 6:30 p.m.: Whether you’re a seasoned Mahjong player or completely new to the game, join an evening of slow, hands-on instruction and meaningful connection all about upping your game while celebrating the history, heritage, and traditions of the game. Starting at $25, get tickets here .

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-18] archestratus-closed evidence recovered from the WP REST API
## source: https://greenpointers.com/2026/02/23/archestratus-bookstore-and-community-hub-will-close-this-spring/
title.rendered: Archestratus, Bookstore and Community Hub, Will Close This Spring
date: 2026-02-23T11:18:02
content.rendered: Archestratus (164 Huron St.), the beloved book store feeding Greenpoint for 10 years, will officially close this spring. Owner Paige Lipari shared the decision in an Instagram post last Friday, stating that the store’s last day will be on April 26. Everything in the store will be on sale until they close. Lipari cited several reasons for the closure. “We hopscotched from the best Christmas in our history (2024) to our worst spring last year. Followed by our worst summer, our worst Fall, and a Christmas that was 30 to 40 percent down,” she wrote. “We also simply can’t afford our own food products due to tariffs and rising costs,” echoing a sentiment shared by so many small business owners we’ve spoken to recently. The Wild Honey Pie’s Dinners at Archestratus in 2017. Photo: The Wild Honey Pie Lipari started Archestratus in 2015, as a cookbook store and cafe. The store quickly became a hub for not only the neighborhood, but for the city’s food scene at large. Countless chefs, cooks, and authors passed through those doors. Archestratus frequently hosted events such as cookbook clubs, cookie making workshops, and food writing classes (not to mention, so many community bake sales!) The store expanded into an additional storefront in 2021, with one side serving as the cafe and grocery store, and the other serving as the bookstore. They eventually scaled back again, eliminating the cafe ( Rita’s Pizza & Provisions took over that space, though their tenure was short-lived, soon it will be Herbie’s Burgers ). Archestratus represented the best of Greenpoint—scrappy, creative, and community-oriented. We’ve already been missing those sandwiches, but now we’ll miss everything else, too.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-24] two articles that rolled out of the per_page=15 REST window while their cards are still live

title.rendered: Greenpoint’s Transmitter Park to Get New Restaurant and Marina
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/07/28/greenpoints-transmitter-park-to-get-new-restaurant-and-marina/
date: 2026-07-28T11:39:15
content.rendered: Greenpoint’s WNYC Transmitter Park will be the home of a new restaurant and a marina with free programming, Greenpointers can exclusively share. Two local industry veterans, Josh Cohen and David Schmitt, are working with the NYC Parks and Recreation Department and preparing to sign a 25-year license agreement that allows for the development, operation, and maintenance of the restaurant and marina.  No names have been finalized yet for this project, but Cohen said it “will be an homage to Transmitter.”



 A mock-up of the “license premises” in the license agreement for the Transmitter Park project. Photo: City of New York



 Schmitt and Cohen are seasoned professionals with restaurant industry experience. The pair told Greenpointers that they met about six months ago and hit it off instantly. Cohen is a longtime North Brooklyn resident who is very involved in the local community and with organizations like North Brooklyn Angels . Alongside other partners, Cohen has ownership in Chez Ma Tante , Lilia, Saint Vitus , and Dead Letter No. 9 . He also ran neighborhood favorites Jimmy’s Diner , Anella , and Extra Fancy, which are now closed. Schmitt owns Dakota’s on the Cove in the Bronx and DJ’s at Bayside in Queens, both waterfront restaurants overlooking marinas, very similar to the new Transmitter Park project. 



 Schmitt also owns marinas and has worked with NYC Parks’ properties before. He is excited to work with the department again to “add to the existing infrastructure in Transmitter.”



 The possible site of Transmitter Park’s new restaurant can be seen behind a member of Friends of Transmitter Park. Photo: Friends of Transmitter Park



 The timeline of the Transmitter Park project, as detailed on the current draft of the license agreement , begins with overall design.



 Alexander Han, Chief of Concessions for NYC Parks, told Greenpointers that his department is currently working with David Schmitt and his team to develop a design that is “complementary to park.”  Han said that the public will have the opportunity to review designs and provide input during a public hearing next month. The license agreement states that the second phase of the Transmitter Park project includes the demolition of the abandoned building that’s located inside the park, followed by the third phase which includes building a new structure for the restaurant with a public restroom, something that local volunteer organization Friends of Transmitter Park has been fighting for . According to the current draft of the license agreement, the restaurant will serve lunch and dinner daily from May 1 to October 31. From November though April, dinner will be offered during week with lunch and dinner on weekends. An “enclosed lounge” on the second floor will be open from May through October in the evenings. Han explained that all of these details could change. Formal designs have not be submitted and approved. For example, the entire abandoned building might not be leveled; engineers and architects are evaluating the current structure.  Han confirmed that the restaurant will include maintained public restrooms, storage space for gardening materials and other things, and programs for the community similar to the offerings at McCarren Parkhouse .



 The possible future home of the new restaurant inside Transmitter Park is on the right.



 The fourth and final phase of the Transmitter Park project is the construction of the marina “with up to 40 slips including pilings, floating docks, utilities, and safety/security systems.” In addition to boats, the marina will have rentals of “non-motorized” things like kayaks and paddle boards. Unlike Bushwick Inlet Park’s Motiva parcel , Transmitter Park will not have a beach. Instead, water access and activities will happen via the pier. As the agreement currently stands, the marina would be open seasonally from May 1 to October 31. Programming listed on the license includes things like like boat tours and educational programming for both kids and adults. At Schmitt’s marina in Queens, he offers things the Bayside Snapper Derby , a free fishing event for kids, and hopes to have programs like this in Transmitter Park. “It’s all free programming, and it fills your heart,” Schmitt said. Han told Greenpointers that the pier currently located at Transmitter will remain open to the public. “No one is losing access. No part of these plans will take away from public,” Han said. “Our goal is to enhance waterfront access.” Schmitt told Greenpointers that he is excited to expand Greenpoint’s access to the water. “Even though Greenpoint is located on the water, there is currently limited accessibility,” Schmitt highlighted. 



 Fishing on Transmitter Park’s current pier. Photo: Friends of Transmitter Park



 Elissa Iberti, Friends of Transmitter Park Chair, said that the group is happy that this stage of the project has been reached and a food vendor has been found. However, the group’s concern is the scale of the project. She does not want the park to lose its identity and believes that the current proposal does not feel in balance with Transmitter Park’s small acreage.  “We are excited to have a partner and don’t want to shut this down, just address concerns. This is all about the Greenpoint community,” Iberti stated.  Friends of Transmitter Park also has “environmental concerns.”  Iberti wonders if Transmitter Park is the right place for a 40-slip marina, but believes “some form of this project could work.” Han said that the design has not been approved, so the “scale and size is not final.” Han called the proposed restaurant “appropriate for the park,” but thinks it’s too early to comment on the marina phase, which will go though another round of approvals with the opportunity for the public to review. Iberti is also concerned that the money the City receives from the license will go to a general fund, and not directly to Parks or Transmitter Park specifically. Han confirmed that this is the case. “We believe it is an investment in the Greenpoint neighborhood,” Han said. “We are happy to listen to Friends of Transmitter and work with them.”



 Transmitter Park in Greenpoint. Photo: Friends of Transmitter Park



 “We are honored to be a part of this and to add to what Friends of Transmitter Park has already built,” Cohen and Schmitt told Greenpointers . “This is a fantastic opportunity to give back to community.” “We plan on working with community input throughout the process. It has great potential and will help reinvest into Transmitter,” Cohen added, noting that the park is his “backyard” also. The Transmitter Park project is still in its “infant” stage. The projected date of completion is January 2029, but Cohen and Schmitt hope to have things open earlier than that. Stay tuned for more updates over the next two to three years.

title.rendered: NYC Reddit User Becomes Silent Superman for Greenpoint’s Local Businesses
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/11/nyc-reddit-user-becomes-silent-superman-for-greenpoints-local-businesses/
date: 2026-08-11T13:25:01
content.rendered: A few weeks ago, customers began pouring into Greenpoint staple Star Deli (176 Nassau Ave.) after a series of videos posted by Instagram creator @pov.outside unexpectedly went viral, amassing more than 4 million views. Google Reviews multiplied overnight and strangers from around the world donated more than $6,000 to repair the deli’s broken freezer. Behind the sudden surge was Shuayb Qureshi, a software engineer at Meta by trade and champion of neighborhood businesses by choice. Qureshi has quietly become Greenpoint’s very own Superman, putting on his cape with the mission of aiding struggling local businesses. His account has accumulated over 15,000 followers on Instagram with his videos reaching anywhere between 5,000 to over 1 million views. On weekends and evenings after his 9-to-5, Qureshi spends his time in the community, committed to spreading the word to his followers. What inspires him the most is his family back in Toronto. “I miss that love. When I go to see these restaurants, especially once I make a video about them, I feel so much love,” he said. “I feel like they’re my parents in a lot of ways or my family.”









 Photos: Shuayb Qureshi



 Although he lives in Manhattan, Qureshi turned to Reddit to ask Greenpoint residents which businesses need help most. Hundreds responded, making the project a collaborative effort shaped by the people who know the neighborhood best.  After visiting, he found himself lingering in neighborhood delis long after finishing lunch and chatting with owners instead of rushing home, something he rarely experienced elsewhere in the city.  “I don’t feel the soul of trendy places in Manhattan,” he said. “But I feel like when you go to places in Greenpoint, especially places like Star Deli, there’s so much soul in that.” As his friendship with Star Deli owner Zbigniew, known as “Mr. Z,” grew, Qureshi was inspired to launch the GoFundMe and ultimately credits its success to the people.  “It’s not just Americans, there’s people from Canada, people from the UK, and people from Poland donating,” he said. “It’s literally the world, and I feel so humbled because everyone participated.” It was a fitting response for a neighborhood long shaped by immigrant communities. For Qureshi, Greenpoint’s changing population is one factor behind the challenges facing longtime businesses. “With transplants, we like to go to popular places like Whole Foods and restaurants that are popping on Instagram. We’re not going to delis, so I think gentrification is an issue,” he claims. “But I do think there’s some gentrifiers, people like me who actually love family-owned places.”



 Greenpoint has spent years grappling with rising commercial rents , shifting demographics , and changing consumer habits, all of which have contributed to the slow disappearance of longtime neighborhood establishments . As more people discover restaurants through Instagram, TikTok, and Google Reviews instead of neighborhood word of mouth, many legacy establishments have had to adjust to a rapidly evolving business environment.  Qureshi believes social media can help longtime businesses connect with newer residents. Before his video, Star Deli had very few Google Reviews. Today, it has more than 300. “If you look at people like Mr. Z, he works seven days a week, and is still trying to adapt to the new people,” Qureshi said. “But I don’t think they know how to market via social media.” Handing Mr. Z the proceeds from the fundraiser was the most rewarding moment of the project. “When I gave Mr. Z the GoFundMe money, it felt so good,” he said. “To the point where I thought I don’t know what I’ve done in life to deserve to feel this good.” Qureshi’s videos have even inspired other influencers to visit Star Deli and create videos of their own. For Qureshi, that’s the goal, not to become the face of a movement, but to create momentum that continues long after he puts down his camera.  “Having this influence comes with some sort of power,” Qureshi said. “I’m getting some sort of status here, but the people who come in and donate anonymously, they’re not expecting anything, and they really truly are the real heroes here.”  



 Treats on display at Star Deli. Photo: Shuayb Qureshi



 Star Deli wasn’t the only business to benefit from his efforts. Qureshi has since turned his attention to Tony’s Pizzeria (175 Nassau Ave.), another longtime family business across from Star Deli facing increased competition from trendier spots like Chrissy’s Pizza, Diamond Slice, and Paulie Gee’s Slice Shop. Tony’s owner, Salvatore Sinnona, appreciates Qureshi’s impact.  “We’ve definitely seen new faces come in mentioning his videos or social media, and that kind of exposure is something money can’t always buy,” Sinnona said. “More importantly, it reminds people that supporting local businesses keeps our communities alive.” Sinnona says attracting first-time customers has become increasingly difficult. “The biggest challenge is competing with large chains and the convenience of online ordering,” he said. “People have endless choices, and many automatically go to big brands without realizing there are family-owned places making everything with pride and tradition.”  Qureshi insists the internet isn’t what saved Star Deli, the people did. Every Instagram view became a customer. Every Google review became a recommendation. Every anonymous donation became an act of neighborhood solidarity. “Go talk to your local business owners,” Qureshi urges. “You never know, they might become family.”

title.rendered: Greenpoint Elected Officials Ask NYC Parks to Reconsider Controversial Transmitter Park Proposal
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/10/greenpoint-elected-officials-ask-nyc-parks-to-reconsider-controversial-transmitter-park-proposal/
date: 2026-08-10T12:44:07
content.rendered: Greenpoint’s elected officials are speaking out against plans to construct a restaurant, marina, and public restroom at Transmitter Park , ahead of a public hearing scheduled for today, August 10.



 City Council Member Lincoln Restler, State Senator Kristen Gonzalez, and State Assemblymember Emily Gallagher asked the NYC Parks Department to reconsider the controversial proposal, which sparked widespread backlash when Greenpointers first revealed the plans in July.



 “Given our community’s nearly unanimous and vociferous opposition, we respectfully request that Parks pull back this proposal and work with our offices and community to identify a better path forward,” the letter reads. “We do not believe the maritime concession is appropriate for this park and would suggest a smaller footprint for a concession in the park — or no concession at all.”



 WNYC Transmitter Park Letter – Aug 10 2026 Download



 During an info session on August 6, several community members asserted that the larger-scale project was not a worthy trade-off for a public restroom, fearing it was a Trojan Horse that could usher in larger crowds and disturb the park’s peaceful waterfront vibe.



 Two restaurant industry veterans, Josh Cohen and David Schmitt, were poised to sign a 25-year license agreement that allows for the development, operation, and maintenance of a restaurant and marina in the park. A preliminary draft revealed that plans could entail the park’s current building and erecting a new two-story building in its place.



 The arrangement is through the Parks’ concessions program, which allows food service professionals to operate restaurants and cafes on Parks’ properties. In return, that revenue stream frees up Parks to finally build a public restroom in the park, a long-overdue goal for many in the neighborhood.



 And if you’re wondering, “Well, why can’t Parks just decide to build a bathroom as is?” The answer is that building public restrooms in New York City is a bit more complicated (and expensive) than it may appear.



 A public hearing will take place today at 2:30 p.m. (255 Greenwich St., 8th Floor, Manhattan). You can also email written testimony to fcrc@mocs.nyc.gov .

title.rendered: Checkmate: North Brooklyn Chess Club Sets Up Summer Residency at the McCarren Parkhouse
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/06/checkmate-north-brooklyn-chess-club-sets-up-summer-residency-at-the-mccarren-parkhouse/
date: 2026-08-06T13:17:54
content.rendered: Born out of the pandemic, the North Brooklyn Chess Club got its start as a pre-party fixture at the Greenpoint bar Ponyboy , where neighbors gathered around chessboards before the evening crowds.  This summer, the chess club has found a new home through its residency at the McCarren Parkhouse (855 Lorimer St.) hosting weekly chess nights every Thursday from 7 to 11pm. Whether you are learning how the pieces move or you are a seasoned competitor, the chess club welcomes you. Events offer game reviews and guidance from experienced chess masters while the club’s “Challenger’s Corner” gives advanced players the space to test their skills against top competition. 



 Photo: North Brooklyn Chess Club



 Heather Brown, president of the North Brooklyn Chess Club, says she’s always looking for creative partnerships that make chess more accessible while bolstering connections across the neighborhood.  “A workout class that incorporates chess, like holding a plank while playing a chess game,” Brown told Greenpointers , is one example of the kind of cross-community pollination that she would like to see more of this summer. Brown hopes to introduce newbies to the game while continuing to build on Greenpoint’s pre-existing chess community.  For those looking to see what the club is all about, head to the Parkhouse on August 13 to experience the club’s signature “Challenger’s Corner.” Tickets can be purchased here .

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-26m] matches-enids-space — article recovered from the WP REST API after it rolled out of the per_page=15 window
# Same failure as 2026-08-18 and 2026-08-24: the roster fetches the 15 most
# recent posts, so an article ages out of the snapshot while its card is still
# live, and the quotes gate then fails an honest card. Recovered by slug from
# greenpointers.com/wp-json/wp/v2/posts and saved here so it stays re-checkable.
# https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/14/matches-from-greenpoint-fish-lobster-team-looks-ready-to-open-in-former-enids-space/
It looks like a new bar in the old Enid’s space is ready to make its debut. A Redditor spotted new signage at 560 Manhattan Avenue, with a name that pays tribute to a neighboring bar of yore. Matches, from the Greenpoint Fish & Lobster team, looks like it’s getting closer to opening, but ironically, the team was unable to shed any light on the situation.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-08-29] post rolled out of the per_page=15 window
# The roster reads greenpointers.com/wp-json/wp/v2/posts?per_page=15, so a post
# older than 15 posts leaves the snapshot while its card is still live — recorded
# 2026-08-24 as a recurring mechanic. Restored verbatim from git HEAD.
content.rendered: Greenpoint’s small business owners rallied this morning to ask the MTA to reconsider a planned G train shutdown in December. The MTA plans to suspend G train service for at least three weekends in December, a move business owners fear will compound the stress of multiple prolonged shutdowns over the past couple of years. State Senator Kristen Gonzalez and Assemblymember Emily Gallagher both spoke during the press conference, held in front of Clay Space (275 Calyer St.). “We’re not saying that we don’t want to see the G train improve,” Gonzalez told the crowd. “What we are saying is that the schedule under which these improvements have been happening has been detrimental to the small businesses in our neighborhoods that are already struggling with the rising cost of rent, the rising cost of utilities, and certainly are the backbone of North Brooklyn.” Gonzalez called on the MTA to move the scheduled shutdown to January instead of during the prime holiday shopping season. “We’re often treated as an afterthought here, and we really need to be prioritized so that our small businesses can thrive,” said Gallagher. Perri Salka speaks during the press conference. Photo: Greenpointers The WonderMart owner Perri Salka, also the lead organizer of Shop Small Greenpoint, said the shutdown means her business loses money before she even opens the door. “Tourists have a hard time navigating the shuttle bus system, and folks from other parts of the city don’t feel it’s worth the hassle, so they just wait to enjoy Greenpoint on a weekend when the train is actually running,” she said, noting that many business owners find the MTA’s outreach to be lacking at best. Shop Small Greenpoint recently surveyed 36 local small businesses and found that 91% of businesses reported a decrease in sales during shutdown weekends, with sales falling 20-24% on average. Food and beverage establishments were the hardest hit by the sales decrease. Earlier this summer, the group sent a letter to the MTA , asking for the agency to move some June shutdown weekends. The MTA rescheduled one weekend to July, perhaps paving the way for future dates to be moved as well. “The MTA cites low ridership as its reasoning, but from where shop owners stand, ridership numbers miss the point entirely. To us, December isn’t measured by how many people ride the train; it’s measured by how many people walk through our doors,” Salka continued, stating that holiday shopping brings in a quarter of her annual revenue. “Greenpoint couldn’t be closer to central Manhattan, and we’ve become, like, a mythical place, a far-off land that no one can get to because of this G train that is infamously bad,” said Natalie Como, owner of Jesus Christ Vintage. The MTA has been working since summer 2024 to complete work on an upgraded signaling system for the G train. MTA CEO Janno Lieber revealed in April that some of the delays actually stem from an entirely different issue—the tunnel under Newtown Creek requires more work than initially thought. The MTA is expected to finish work on the G train in 2027.

## [ROLLED-OFF EVIDENCE PERSISTED 2026-09-02] "Kimchee Market Is Looking For A New Home"
# Carried forward from this source's PREVIOUS baseline (git HEAD of
# .ingest-cache/greenpointers.ingested.txt, commit 5cda203). The roster reads
# per_page=15, so an older post rolls out of the window and its evidence
# disappears from the baseline at promotion — the live card
# kimchee-market-new-space then fails ingest:quotes even though nothing about
# the claim changed. Recorded as the standing watchItem of 2026-08-24.
# Post URL: https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/28/kimchee-market-is-looking-for-a-new-home/
Kimchee Market (191 Greenpoint Ave.) is looking for a new home, now that a developer reportedly plans to construct a six-story condo building. The current location has about six months left. Kimchee Market’s Chul Kim tells Greenpointers that he hopes to find a new space in Greenpoint or Williamsburg, one with a kitchen and refrigeration. The market, which has been serving the neighborhood since 2015, operates out of a tiny, one-story storefront, noticeably smaller than its surrounding buildings. Kim also operates Dokebi (199 Grand St.) in Williamsburg and opened Little Dokebi (85 Driggs Ave.) after moving to Greenpoint. He eventually realized that neit

## [R1 PERSISTED 3 September 2026] https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/24/beloved-greenpoint-staple-ashbox-cafe-closes-its-doors/
After 18 years, Ashbox Cafe (1154 Manhattan Ave.) has closed its doors. The beloved neighborhood staple stopped serving in July, but just recently confirmed the closure with an announcement on Instagram .
Ashbox Cafe served Japanese-leaning healthy fare for breakfast and lunch from owner, chef, and server, Yoko Kubo.
Kubo’s announcement about the closure mentioned her “worsening battle with arthritis,” stating that it was time for her to prioritize her health.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-09] https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/27/simi-sol-collective-opens-in-former-la-merced-storefront/
Simi & Sol Collective Opens in Former La Merced Storefront
It’s been a tough go for Greenpoint businesses with rising rents and G train shutdowns , but, as they say, when one door closes another one opens.
La Merced , a beloved neighborhood juice bar, quietly shuttered a few months ago. Ricardo Rodriguez-Pacheco had run the immigrant-owned business at 1008 Manhattan Avenue since 2020, but now a new small business is taking over the space: Simi & Sol Collective had its official opening party on Friday, August 21 complete with a thumping DJ and crowd of newcomers.
Founders Sol Sánchez and Simina Goldanescu shared with Greenpointers that the small business is a new home for independent art, design, and handmade work.
“Our hope is to create a space in Brooklyn where people can discover things that are genuinely made by hand: one of a kind pieces with stories, identities, and intention behind them,” said Sánchez, who is a clothing designer and glass jewelry maker.
She identifies as “a child of the pandemic,” a period that gave her more time for discovery and creative growth. Over seven years, she has sold at markets and pop-ups throughout New York but was always seeking a more permanent place for her work. When the Greenpoint storefront became available, she saw an opportunity to support her work and others’; shoppers will find paintings, clothing, jewelry, accessories, and objects made by independent creators from New York and around the world.
Photo provided by Simi & Sol Collective in Greenpoint.
Most importantly, the team sees the value of being a small business and a brick and mortar in a changing economy and creative community. “There is also a real human economy behind every piece in the store. When someone buys something at Simi & Sol Collective, that money does not disappear into a faceless system,” Sánchez said. “It reaches an independent maker in New York, Mexico, India, Argentina, Colombia, or somewhere else in the world. It helps someone purchase new materials, pay their studio rent, continue developing their craft, or simply earn the time and freedom to keep creating.”
The store is also curious about hosting unique events, including one on August 29 where participants can come dressed as their favorite painting.
“We want Simi & Sol Collective to become Greenpoint’s serendipity: the beautiful, unexpected thing you weren’t looking for but somehow needed to find,” Sánchez said.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-09] https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/28/new-barbecue-joint-kirbees-soft-opens-this-sunday/
New Barbecue Joint Kirbee’s Soft Opens This Sunday
This weekend, Kirbee’s , a new barbecue joint from two award-winning Texans, is opening its doors at 55 McGuinness Boulevard, the former home of Peeps Kitchen , which now operates out of Scrappleland (1150 Manhattan Ave.).
On Sunday, August 30, Kirbee’s is having a soft launch from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. The newcomer will then be fully open Labor Day weekend on. Its first official day is Friday, September 4, and its operating hours will be 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
A plate of barbecue from Kirbee’s previous pop up. Photo: @fivish / Kirbee’s Instagram
As Greenpointers previously reported , Kirbee’s is the brainchild of Goldee’s co-founder Jonny White and Chuck Charnichart, a Goldee’s alum who now owns Barbs B Q.
Goldee’s was rated the No. 1 barbecue restaurant in Texas by Texas Monthly , and Charnichart is the winner of the 2025 Michelin Guide Texas Young Chef Award.
Kirbee’s team preparing plates at their previous pop up. Photo: @fivish / Kirbee’s Instagram
According to Eater , at Kirbee’s, ordering “will work like a true Texas barbecue,” meaning diners will line up outside and place their orders at one window and then pick up their meals at a second window.
Kirbee’s menu will be split between favorites from Barbs and Goldee’s. Offerings will include items like Goldee’s smoked turkey, brisket, ribs, coleslaw, and potato salad, alongside Barbs’ pork ribs with lime zest, brisket with Mexican spices, and green spaghetti made from poblanos, cilantro, and jalapeño.
Kirbee’s green spaghetti. Photo: @fivish / Kirbee’s Instagram
For dessert, there’s Barb’s chocolate pudding and Goldee’s banana pudding, with the option to enjoy of a swirl of each.
Kirbee’s customers can take the food to go or sit inside Kirbee’s 24-seat dining room, which was designed by Greenpoint-based firm Bolt.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-09] https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/27/how-murawski-pharmacy-is-keeping-late-owners-legacy-alive/
How Murawski Pharmacy Is Keeping Late Owner’s Legacy Alive
Murawski Pharmacy has been a cornerstone of the Greenpoint community for nearly five decades.
Owner Timothy Murawski sadly passed away on July 10 , and his family is working to honor his legacy.
He and his brother Kenneth opened the store 48 years ago, first in a space across the street, but soon finding a home at 94-98 Nassau Avenue. The brothers were born and raised Brooklynites, though they had Polish roots. They hoped to connect the area’s Polish population with products from home.
“Throughout the history of the pharmacy, the main business model has been just catering to people and catering to what they left behind in Poland and replicating their community in their very niche corner of Brooklyn, in the pharmacy,” Timothy’s son Matthew tells Greenpointers , noting the wide array of products they stock.
Customers can find magazines, puzzles, greeting cards, and even a Western Union. Most of the staff speaks Polish, not a requirement, but a show of the store’s dedication to keeping the area’s cultural heritage alive. Several employees have even worked there for decades.
Photo courtesy of Matthew Murawski.
Timothy’s dry wit and humor, as well as his rapport with customers, left a mark on that corner of Nassau Avenue.
“I know so many customers who came to send packages, came to send money, and they would sit there and chat about history or anecdotal stories from their life, and he would always have something to say about it,” said Matthew, who has worked there off and on.
“They would feel respected; they would feel appreciated and understood.”
Running a small business always comes with unique challenges, but several factors make running an independent pharmacy more difficult than ever in 2026. Tariffs increase the cost of importing products from overseas, a hallmark of Murawski’s business. And bigger chains moving into Greenpoint draw business away from the mom-and-pop operations.
A PBS report from 2025 found that “[f]rom 2010 to 2021, 30% of drugstores in the U.S. closed,” with the problem increasing in 2024. “In 2024 alone, about 2,300 pharmacies closed , half of them being independent or mid-sized businesses.”
What’s more, the monopolization of pharmacy benefit managers (firms that act as middlemen between manufacturers, insurance companies, and pharmacies) has spelled catastrophe for these smaller businesses. These managers often slash reimbursement rates to lower drug costs, and that shrinking rate can hurt an independent pharmacy’s bottom line.
For a small, family-owned business like Murawski, customer support means everything. So stop in, whether to pick up a prescription or for a friendly chat.

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-10] https://greenpointers.com/2026/08/28/fire-on-franklin-street-damages-sereneco-injures-multiple-firefighters/
Fire on Franklin Street Damages Sereneco, Injures Multiple Firefighters
Update August 31, 2026: A GoFundMe has been started for Sereneco with 100% of the proceeds going directly to staff. Owner Billy Van Dolsen said it could take months before the restaurant reopens. 

An all-hands fire on Franklin Street caused damage to Sereneco (113 Franklin St.)

Details about what happened are still unfolding, but the FDNY told Greenpointers that they received a call about the situation at 10:46 this morning.

A fire broke out on the second floor, requiring 79 FDNY and EMS personnel. Workers contained the fire by 12:35 p.m., though crews were still on the scene when this reporter walked by around 1 p.m. The incident prompted a pretty significant response, as FDNY, NYPD, and EMS personnel took up several blocks. 

Photo: Julia Moak

Firefighters with minor injuries were transported to NYU Langone. 

The cause of the fire is still under investigation. The Instagram account @fdny_response_videos shared additional details about the situation, reporting that “[t]he fire was located in the kitchen walls in a large 2 story, 100&#215;100, non-fireproof commercial building.”

“This was a labor-intensive job as members worked to open up the roof around the ductwork.”

Sereneco wrote on Instagram that the fire “caused significant damage” and that they would close as they worked to assess next steps. 

113 Franklin Street is one building that houses several businesses, including Azure Gourmet, Chama Mama, and Threes Brewing. I tried to stop by Maman (84 Kent St.) for a coffee but staff told me the fire required them to close (they are in the same building).

We will update this story if we learn anything new!

## [R1 PERSISTED 2026-09-11] https://greenpointers.com/ — recovered from this repo's own committed baseline at f6527f5 after the 15-post feed window rolled the article off. Evidence for noble-148-opening.
title.rendered: Chez Ma Tante Alum Will Open His Own Spot, 148 Noble Street, Later This Month
link: https://greenpointers.com/2026/09/01/chez-ma-tante-alum-will-open-his-own-spot-148-noble-street-later-this-month/
date: 2026-09-01T09:00:00
content.rendered: This September, Chez Ma Tante alum Chef Gabriel Borges is opening his own restaurant called 148 Noble Street. As Greenpointers and Caper Media reported in July , Chef Borges’ new restaurant will be located in the former home of The Noble , a wine bar from Itir Aloba and Rick Curi that closed this past winter. Chef Borges, a Greenpoint local who hails from New Orleans, started his career at acclaimed Manhattan eatery Golden Diner as a line cook, then worked as a sous chef at popular Manhattan restaurants, ATLA and Estela. Three years ago, he moved to Philadelphia to open Illata as the chef de cuisine with owner Chef Aaron Randi. In the restaurant’s first year, Philadelphia magazine dubbed it the Best New Restaurant of 2024. Chef Borges was eager to open his own spot and moved back to New York to do just that. While looking for available spaces over the past two years, he helped to reopen Chez Ma Tante as the chef de cuisine. Chez Ma Tante alum Chef Gabriel Borges. Photo: Gabriel Borges Chef Borges said he has fallen in love with Greenpoint, and when he saw The Noble’s space become available, he knew he wanted to take it over and “try to create something special.” Chef Borges said that he wants 148 Noble Street to be a “neighborhood spot” for locals and “a destination worth traveling to for a good meal” for those who aren’t lucky enough to call Greenpoint home. “We’re trying to do something simple, without frills, and we aren’t trying to reinvent the wheel of dining,” he said. “We want to serve good food, with good service, in a welcoming and warm environment.” Chef Gabriel Borges plating a dish. Photo: Gabriel Borges Chef Borges’ menu at 148 Noble Street will lean European, incorporating influences and techniques from French and Italian cuisine. “You could probably also expect some flavors from New Orleans here and there,” the chef noted. He told Greenpointers that his “go to is always seafood” as his family has been in the New Orleans wholesale seafood business since the early 1900s, and it runs in his blood. 148 Noble Street’s beverage program will offer “a little bit of everything for everybody.” The restaurant will only have a wine and beer license, but Chef Borges said he and his team will get creative with vermouth and other non-grain alcohols for cocktails. “Accommodation and accessibility are big parts of our ethos when it comes to food, service, wine, and price,” Chef Borges said. “We couldn’t be more excited for this project and to meet so many more amazing people of Greenpoint! We hope everyone will come by and give us a shot or just come by to say hello,” the chef said. Chef Borges is aiming to open 148 Noble Street in “mid-September.” When it first opens, the restaurant will welcome guests five days a week, Thursday through Monday. Soon after, 148 Noble Street will open for lunch, with the end goal of serving dinner everyday.
